{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 hashtags,text,user\
[],Oracle women fight for class-action status in gender pay lawsuit https://t.co/G5tJiAkiGp,latimesbiz\
['pridemonth'],Oracle: RT rupalshah1011: #pridemonth at Oracle.  The best workforce is a diverse and inclusive one.\'85 https://t.co/Z2zXRxN8ym,katmooracle\
[],Oracle ($39.83 billion revenue in 2018) presents Oracle blockchain and Chainlink atCloudEXPO https://t.co/s0ULoiR7Dg,Tech_Noobs\
[],I was surprised to hear @Oracle execs revert to tired competitive swipes at @Workday and @SAP during the company's https://t.co/KbQIAdgpdL,bobevansIT\
[],Local Programmer Finally Unravels the truth...Watch How mega corporations mess with his mind.,doxingme\
[],@vanityset can you please help my identify the audio clip from Oracle at the 7:02 mintue mark? I first heard that https://t.co/QhTG03jSDP,Rebelriot2\
[],I appreciate that you all think Im an oracle of knowledge on sex work instead of someone who has just been doing t https://t.co/LzkabGCXse,SourBeerBabe\
[],"RT @MGPham: the family just getting bigger everyday...  ZeLu - I Ching oracle cards. Is a prude. Dolce, righterous, calm. Opposite to KanYu",dxw_936055438\
[],RT @fjtorres: THE DAY HAS ARRIVED! Register now for @Oracle 's FY20 Global Partner Kickoff. Join us: June 24 at 17h00 CET &amp; hear from Oracl,LuigiCochetti\
[],Not a good look for Oracle. Can they only compete with AWS/Azure in the courtroom?,hdurdle\
"['KidsRobotics', 'GrowingourFuture', 'OTBC']",Not Just Participants but Future Programmers  Microsoft Oracle Academy #KidsRobotics #GrowingourFuture #OTBC https://t.co/txESla25hZ,otb_college\
[],RT @Xbox: The line between friend and foe is blurred in Operation Oracle.  Play for free May 2-5: https://t.co/nQvIZNqYfr https://t.co/gmPA,XboxZA\
[],@sepinwall @MarkHarrisNYC 30 Rock is the oracle for our times https://t.co/5HQ8pVRtJR,PhilSasonoff\
['businessnews'],"Oracle, Noble Energy rise while Carnival, Steelcase fall https://t.co/Hsncxq1Tfz #businessnews",HedgeBz\
[],"Don't be surprised that's their new venture, Nigerian politicians are pathetic, they can hire herdsmen to Kil their https://t.co/v1qIlA8xEO",Iamkelly22\
[],@ArthurSchwartz Missed this - another Amazon/Oracle dirty war reference by Artie.  Smooth.,uelmendrado\
[],CELEBRATING EXCELLENCE: Tech Data has been awarded 2019 Oracle EMEA Value Added Distributor for Cloud Innovation https://t.co/O2SSthLBWg,TechDataEurope\
[],"RT @awscloud: Yes, you can move legacy Oracle workloads to the @awscloud securely: https://t.co/ByrkNGl9NX https://t.co/tLQUJinxnL",pfredphotos\
[],"RT @Kevmunn: I'm excited for Phantasma Chain main net? 22 racing series launching on PhantasmaChain, coming to Xbox, Playstation and Steam.",SteeveJack308\
[],"Administradores BBDD Oracle/SQL server at KRELL CONSULTING &amp; TRAINING (Madrid, Spain) https://t.co/7UvIRWXDp5",StackDevJobs\
[],The Great Oracle,noble_somto\
[],"Oracle Q4 earnings report is in, but what does it really mean? See what our analysts,  @SirRonSilicon and https://t.co/Fnwo7dkdyv",FuturumResearch\
['consumers'],The Risks and Rewards of Data #consumers https://t.co/GxiKa9yL8B,ThreePalmsMedia\
[],Last chance to REGISTER!! @Oracle's FY20 Global Partner Kickoff is happening in 90mins. A great opportunity for EME https://t.co/2EIp3aC9wV,sdiedericks\
[],@stevenc48977003 @ArthurSchwartz The Amazon-Oracle dirty war is real.  Ask Arties BFF Cohen-Watnick.,uelmendrado\
[],RT @Freeyourradio: Some great music for you to look out the window to: @tenggerland - https://t.co/UgxxqXvEvQ. @MrJKetch - https://t.co/Psa,pofbachelors\
[],"@hinchman_amanda @Zhuinden @lofidewanto @Kiview @hansolo_ I know that it feels similar but ""Deprecated"" carries a n https://t.co/dxTONxEkls",SeanMiPhillips\
[],"Need more from your reporting and analytics? With Oracle EPM Cloud you can create collaborative narrative reports, https://t.co/bjthLtAFzT",HyperionEPMInfo\
[],RT @noble_somto: The Great Oracle https://t.co/McuWqEKAww,AbdulMahmud01\
[],"Want to learn how to diagnose and address Oracle performance issues in a methodical, reliable manner, for issues im https://t.co/Khn4clCaA2",richardfoote\
[],"New Oracle Exadata Builds in Machine Learning Advances, Supercharges Performance, Improves Cost Effectiveness - AiT https://t.co/Ggg9DqrvgA",AnalyticsWeek\
[],Oracle Q4 Earnings Are In  But What Does It Really Mean? https://t.co/o8laIdPWJD Insights from @danielnewmanUV and https://t.co/xM2VPeeahR,ShellyKramer\
[],"Need more from your reporting and analytics? With Oracle EPM Cloud you can create collaborative narrative reports, https://t.co/7Nku4FHQYN",HyperionEPMInfo\
[],@BurgerVonStadt @KneesPenguin I read the original and still didnt like the way Barbaras character was totally cha https://t.co/t2vKGwvTC8,LadyDemosthenes\
[],@hacks4pancakes Can anyone suck harder than Oracle? Does Adobe have a cloud too?,daveshackleford\
[],"RT @MGPham: the family just getting bigger everyday...  ZeLu - I Ching oracle cards. Is a prude. Dolce, righterous, calm. Opposite to KanYu",proudyaoiaddict\
[],"RT @oracleemeaps: NIED trusts Oracle Cloud to keep its data secure, so it can share information and protect people. President Haruo Hayashi",ManojMayogi\
[],@thepacketrat It's well beyond Oracle's capacity to be awarded _any_ contracts in the Government anymore. They just https://t.co/1NMu7GSF0b,apporima\
[],RT @finrekt: This week in @chainlink  1. @Salesforce 2. @Hyperledger @inside_r3 and @EntEthAlliance $LINK up 3. As do @Microsoft and @oracl,lashondreamz87\
[],"Business Smart Administration Software Market 2019: Comprehensive study by key players: IBM ,Oracle ,SAP ,SAS ,Micr https://t.co/hDBUob33yY",IndustryToday\
['Cloud'],"RT @CloudOnboard: @LarryEllison explains why he's cautiously optimistic that @OracleCloud's new #Cloud database will succeed, even though i",AirshipHoldings\
[],@skykingskyking3 @CloudExpo @chainlinkmarket @Oracle @ORCLBlockchain @fribeiro1 @chainlink @OracleStartup Will be a https://t.co/kfUjqVDLs8,JimmySmalls2049\
[],"RT @sladkow: About to drive by Oracle Arena, home of the NBA Champion Toronto Raptors",KingOfThe6MAP\
[],"RT @hacks4pancakes: This is a depressing look into government contract bureaucracy. Oracle looking pretty petty, here. Theres no apparent",nicnacs2955\
['cloud'],"Oracle CEO @MarkVHurd on our growing #cloud applications business. Per @IDCs latest market share results, Oracle g https://t.co/pOmMHB59Is",AmyWynne6\
[],@HicksonMaike Hardly. https://t.co/bvd9IH6hQ7,ShaggyKC\
[],We are so honored and excited to be in partnership with @GGIgreatergift to help celebrate patient volunteers and cl https://t.co/sppS3gVxxG,OracleHealthSci\
['PLSQL'],@chrisrsaxon will show us how easy it is to use EBR to patch #PLSQL program units in a production app without havin https://t.co/Egv2KCc4qA,sfonplsql\
[],Steph was crying injury after he got swept??,zeffcurrry\
[],"To conclude, here is my team -  Martian Manhunter Jay Garrick John Constantine Starfire Oracle Nite Owl II Crazy Ja https://t.co/a5Ay8G2GJa",comicdudedc\
[],"RT @beyondabat: ""It's like you Batguys want me to hold on to the past because you can't get over it. Understand I have.""  The Oracle.  An",TheUmbrakinetic\
[],@skykingskyking3 @CloudExpo @chainlinkmarket @Oracle @ORCLBlockchain @fribeiro1 @chainlink @OracleStartup There's a https://t.co/ZlcJuzWwcs,JimmySmalls2049\
"['Exadata', 'X8']",Not only are we celebrating the launch of @Oracles #Exadata Database Machine #X8  but we recently reached our 10 https://t.co/rpbd5mvjiu,samuelakdemir\
[],RT @JimmySmalls2049: @skykingskyking3 @CloudExpo @chainlinkmarket @Oracle @ORCLBlockchain @fribeiro1 @chainlink @OracleStartup There's a st,JimmySmalls2049\
[],"@bobevansIT @Oracle @Workday @SAP Brave observation. ;)  The ""wise guys"" rhetoric got old a while ago. Not sure why https://t.co/XhE4E9Liti",JoanDWinston1\
[],Anybody from oppressed groups have some words of wisdom to help our twitter oracle here to get woke?,Magnus919\
[],RT @ATLBlackStar: Sheriff Office Admits Toronto Raptors President Masai Ujiri Showed His ID Before Oracle Arena Incident https://t.co/SSsYA,tcharry\
[],A Few Things You Should Know About What It Takes To Be a Leader https://t.co/x3vmIVnhVh,BenGreenbergNYC\
['containers'],"Watch @kaslinfields, Cloud Advocate at @Oracle, explain what #containers are and how they work during her How Cont https://t.co/xxQShZX6Zq",Lee_Menzies2\
"['Oracle', 'DataManagement', 'Exams', 'Dumps']",Dumpsleader is confident to offer 100% money back guarantee to pass #Oracle #DataManagement 1z0-928 #Exams #Dumps. https://t.co/o0Vq2ujU4n,examsdumps\
[],"So, first the cop said Ujiri didn't show credentials to get onto the court to celebrate his Raptors' historic win. https://t.co/V8BkQdqi3t",LorneJordan\
[],We are so honored and excited to be in partnership with @GGIgreatergift to help celebrate the patient volunteers an https://t.co/C2U7wM6L3l,OracleHealthSci\
[],"Salesforce 2018 CRM Market Share Topped SAP, Oracle and AdobeCombined! https://t.co/eQy78HKT0k",arseotero\
[],"RT @_MelissaEgan: Working to get more information about this fire off Oracle Road, near the Oro Valley Marketplace.  Viewer says it looked",robert_suchy\
[],"RT @DrIsaPantami: Global workforce, 2018.  Amazon: 647,500 Oracle: 137.000 Apple: 132,000 Microsoft: 131,000 Intel: 107,400 Alphabet: 98,77",AUgirei\
[],"06.22.19 Thank you, Oracle Fam!  @derichbognot @thetgueco @Ianianramil @JHAdlcrz https://t.co/q8UEzbwbfw",tseradin\
[],@skykingskyking3 @CloudExpo @chainlinkmarket @Oracle @ORCLBlockchain @fribeiro1 @chainlink @OracleStartup Tomorrow,JimmySmalls2049\
"['oracle', 'cloud', 'infrastructure', 'OCI', 'autonomous']",A lot on #oracle #cloud #infrastructure #OCI roadmap. Small but in the middle important enhancements of #autonomous https://t.co/Dd8JoFNVls,isedouwes\
"['Oracle', 'OracleMarketingCloud', 'certification']","Dumpsleader is your ally in achieving your targeted #Oracle #OracleMarketingCloud #certification, providing you eas https://t.co/tgzWPmh1J7",examsdumps\
"['Insolar', 'blockchain', 'enterprise']",#Insolar is heading to London to take part in the @BlockchainHQ along with other #blockchain and #enterprise heavyw https://t.co/UbYgwobnXH,insolario\
[],RT @Bahama_Jay3: Dudes goat couldn't send it to a game 7 in front of the home crowd https://t.co/edX9PViVyw,ZabineLTS\
"['employmentlaw', 'RealClearCounsel']",Women Employees at Oracle Seek Class-Action Status in Gender Pay Lawsuit #employmentlaw #RealClearCounsel https://t.co/9aekHQGN8g,SCSLawFirm\
[],RT @JimmySmalls2049: @skykingskyking3 @CloudExpo @chainlinkmarket @Oracle @ORCLBlockchain @fribeiro1 @chainlink @OracleStartup There's a st,skykingskyking3\
[],Do you know how bad things were at Oracle were for decades? A finals game loss isnt so bad in the grand scheme of https://t.co/c0wyFAab6v,DVSWhatItTweets\
"['Insolar', 'blockchain', 'enterprise']",RT @insolario: #Insolar is heading to London to take part in the @BlockchainHQ along with other #blockchain and #enterprise heavyweights su,zangerdeus\
[],"@hacks4pancakes Oracle is just not a great product. Also, their visualization tool (DVD) is so under developed and under supported.",nonesuchzach\
[],Study on the make-up of billion-dollar founders featuring insights like: - Over half of founding CEOs are over 35 - https://t.co/eWh2YyiWAj,TIMIACapital\
"['Insolar', 'blockchain', 'enterprise']",RT @insolario: #Insolar is heading to London to take part in the @BlockchainHQ along with other #blockchain and #enterprise heavyweights su,BarrioFinito\
[],"I find this story super depressing--&gt; Images from Oracle Arena video show altercation between Masai Ujiri, sheriff https://t.co/aEb0w3ENe2",meredithmartin\
[],"On page 269 of 376 of The Hidden Oracle, by Rick Riordan: I had hopes/ a goal of finishi... https://t.co/CMi5nyVe7o",HermioneTweeted\
"['Oracle', 'certification']",#Oracle Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) #certification lead you to numerous opportunities in career development https://t.co/V4gzZHiVrz,examsdumps\
[],Strange and Bold new partnerships.  What To Expect From Oracle and Microsoft Cloud Partnership https://t.co/xbUPI5JQYN,GarrettCarey\
"['job', 'jobs', 'hiring']",New #job: Oracle DBA  Location: Hampshire Salary: .. Market .. https://t.co/DpFo5gy1vI #jobs #hiring,SAPjobsWHR\
"['Insolar', 'blockchain', 'enterprise']",RT @insolario: #Insolar is heading to London to take part in the @BlockchainHQ along with other #blockchain and #enterprise heavyweights su,udzhat\
['TopInfluence'],IAM Platform Curated Tweet:  #TopInfluence  Stein Mart Boosts Omni-Channel Growth with Oracle Cloud - PRNewswire -   https://t.co/eVJ9tSwDus,InfoProNetwork\
[],"RT @CloudExpo: Oracle to Present Oracle Blockchain and Chainlink June 24-26, 2019 at CloudEXPO Silicon Valley   https://t.co/3572OumCbX  @O",krypt0cc\
[],"@AbdulMahmud01 @akaebube Am honoured the great Oracle. On this street, knowledge is just on a screen and a touchpad https://t.co/XVPuoPlWso",architectsunepa\
[],@VitalikButerin Chainlink - Oracle interface with real world data  Augur - Crowdsourced intelligence with a relianc https://t.co/FQ0bgHXIkm,OriginalRollo\
['Kscope19'],Yesterday at the #Kscope19 db symposium we spoke about expensive SQL. Today just after lunch you can take that the https://t.co/sUsNAxzfS0,connor_mc_d\
[],"RT @AbdulMahmud01: See, these guys who think they've the repertoire of expletives simply forget that many here are tempered by education an",FosbryMaliq\
"['Oracle', 'machinelearning', 'datascience', 'sql']",Embedding Transformation Data Pipeline into ML Model using #Oracle Data Mining #machinelearning #datascience #sql https://t.co/ciW4hP4gpG,brendantierney\
[],RT @dahowlett: Oracle's Steve Miranda on SaaS progress - 'We're comfortable' https://t.co/t2YAJMVq09 - this story threw up some very intere,WhoStu\
"['Cloud', 'thecloud']",RT @CloudOnboard: Oracle reports sales growth as cloud transition continues https://t.co/TSMOqIQVyw via @businesstechSA #Cloud #thecloud #c,CloudOnboard\
[],Oracle 12c Installer INS-30131 Error When Installing Oracle Database or Oracle ClientSolved. https://t.co/8vSfzFwZa9,configure_linux\
"['X8', 'AI']","RT @KendelErik: .@Oracle recently announced an update to its server line, the @OracleExadata Database Machine #X8 - featuring #AI and #mach",machinelearn_d\
['KScope19'],Good Morning #KScope19 - we get into our detailed sessions from today....do join Marc Seewald and me to learn about https://t.co/KE4jUNu9rZ,muthurangnathan\
[],The government and Amazon Web Services laid out arguments last week for why a federal court should reject a bid pro https://t.co/O8iXmvBGqf,FederalNewsNet\
['PrideDay'],",@Oracle Celebrates #PrideDay with Kevin, employee and founder of the Oracle Pride Employee Network (OPEN) PNW Chap https://t.co/adZhHTP5XX",RichardCJose\
[],"RT @architectsunepa: @AbdulMahmud01 @akaebube Am honoured the great Oracle. On this street, knowledge is just on a screen and a touchpad wi",AbdulMahmud01\
['KScope19'],RT @muthurangnathan: Good Morning #KScope19 - we get into our detailed sessions from today....do join Marc Seewald and me to learn about Co,odtug\
[],Thanks for the knowledge you shared here. Grateful,AbdulMahmud01\
[],"RT @architectsunepa: @AbdulMahmud01 @akaebube Am honoured the great Oracle. On this street, knowledge is just on a screen and a touchpad wi",AbdulMahmud01\
[],RT @RevVesta: Oracle of Passion now available for sale ... Digital Art looking at aspects of our life  through Passion...   https://t.co/Lp,tee_thugs\
[],RT @CUIN2forreal: @VerbTech_Co Tagg Interactive Video provides 600% to 1200% better conversions than static video.  @Microsoft @SAP @GetInE,GetInEarly\
"['vProtect', 'OpenStack', 'Oracle']",RT @Storware: #vProtect 3.8 Update 1 RELEASED! with support for #OpenStack and #Oracle Linux Virtualization Manager!  vProtect 3.8 NEBULA,CatalogicSW\
"['Oracle', 'Cloud']",Stein Mart Boosts Omni-Channel Growth with #Oracle #Cloud https://t.co/otJ7o6p3Pr,shyamvaran\
"['change', 'focus', 'yourself', 'situation', 'goodfriend']",You are looking for #change: you will want to #focus on bettering #yourself or your #situation. A #goodfriend can a https://t.co/P5630PKz7e,FreyaIngva\
[],@maximusupinNYc @StatueEllisNPS @NYC @StatueEllisFdn @Oracle @SailGP @thebatterynyc @nycgo Did you arrange for the https://t.co/o3iOiL3Dp5,ChangemakerPR\
"['CyberSecurity', 'Databreach', 'Ransomware']",RT @reach2ratan: Oracle Patches Another Actively Exploited WebLogic 0-Day https://t.co/qcUVvnrsZH  #CyberSecurity #Databreach #Ransomware #,torjha2\
"['CyberSecurity', 'Databreach']",RT @reach2ratan: New Critical Oracle WebLogic Flaw Under Active Attack  Patch Now https://t.co/ijYcZibnJ2  #CyberSecurity #Databreach #Ran,torjha2\
[],"Global Social Media Monitoring Tools Market Size, Growth, Industry Analysis and Forecast 2019 To 2026 | Top Key Pla https://t.co/qZwt5sjpWb",omniron\
['InteractiveVideo'],RT @CUIN2forreal: @VerbTech_Co #InteractiveVideo Its happening...interactive video is taking over for static video. @SalesforceOrg @Oracle,GetInEarly\
[],Amazon / Kaleido / $link chainlink   Confirmed : Google / Salesforce / Oracle   Soon Microsoft / Swift?   4IR   Ama https://t.co/YYqyqjoW5J,Jojo3121305888\
[],"RT @thepacketrat: I like to stay fair and balanced, but I think theres one thing most of us can agree on: f*ck Oracle.    Joint Chiefs CI",ncweaver\
[],It's been more than 20 years since we had a core copyrightability case (Star Athletica v. Varsity Brands is differe https://t.co/7knMAy6XCf,Guy_A_Rub\
[],RT @CUIN2forreal: @VerbTech_Co High Performance Team - three simple rules. No Excuses - Fail Forward - Do it.  @SAP @SalesforceOrg @Microso,GetInEarly\
[],"RT @hacks4pancakes: This is a depressing look into government contract bureaucracy. Oracle looking pretty petty, here. Theres no apparent",andrewdwilliams\
[],US clothing retailer @steinmart has selected the @OracleRetail Merchandise Financial Planning Cloud Service to bett https://t.co/kE6itLBuze,RTIH_RetailTech\
[],The Romance Angels Oracle Cards Doreen Virtue  ( 37 Bids )  https://t.co/jJPP8NJLNW,Neidro_Rautco\
[],Chance wrote a song about his world and ours the day after 45 called for violence against Americans who choose to k https://t.co/gk9jdJ2ZiJ,DavidDark\
[],@marcvdc @fedscoop @Oracle Pretty short-sighted of them. If this goes on they will likely get a court ruling that t https://t.co/09LmXEhSWF,brian_mostrom\
[],Congratulations to @UNCWMensTennis standout Daniel Groom on being selected to play in the ITA Oracle Masters in Cal https://t.co/fd1Wtkgv9p,UNCWAthletics\
[],@GuyGentile The oracle ,iSurfTheTrend\
[],Chance wrote a song about his world and ours the day after 45 called for violence against Americans who choose to k https://t.co/9ZNjUe6rrb,DavidDark\
"['Oracle', 'Kscope19', 'orclapex']","Setting up Insum booth 506 yesterday, to be ready for all your #Oracle APEX questions duing #Kscope19! #orclapex https://t.co/uLlqTeUE9W",InsumSolutions\
[],"RT @Kevmunn: I'm excited for Phantasma Chain main net? 22 racing series launching on PhantasmaChain, coming to Xbox, Playstation and Steam.",shekharmishra51\
[],RT @Jojo3121305888: Amazon / Kaleido / $link chainlink   Confirmed : Google / Salesforce / Oracle   Soon Microsoft / Swift?   4IR   Amazing,commanderdata85\
[],"@lukaseder I agree, in general, but not 100% of the time. Here's an example of where I'm guilty of this: https://t.co/kyp7vd9qRu",dmcghan\
"['security', 'CEOs']",Managing the scope of #security projects is not an easy task. That's why #CEOs and executive boards need to get inv https://t.co/1uE7Q6fYMx,AlansBlakely\
[],RT @CUIN2forreal: @VerbTech_Co Tagg Interactive Video provides 600% to 1200% better conversions than static video.  @Microsoft @SAP @GetInE,christicash11\
[],"RT @CloudExpo: Oracle to Present Oracle Blockchain and Chainlink June 24-26, 2019 at CloudEXPO Silicon Valley   https://t.co/3572OumCbX  @O",HodlJamie\
[],RT @Guy_A_Rub: It's been more than 20 years since we had a core copyrightability case (Star Athletica v. Varsity Brands is different) befor,chris_j_walker\
[],"RT @roanbrasil: Hi guys, a friend of mine was approved to be a speaker at Oracle Code One in SFO. He used to work in a farm cutting cane an",prof_isidro\
[],"Refresh, hydrate and re-balance with this light texture spritz of moisture, as often as desired.  Shop @BIOeffectUK https://t.co/2VksavfH6q",Skin_Oracle\
['bioc2019'],"#bioc2019  the effect on quantification estimates based on the different alignment/mapping methods used on ""real"" d https://t.co/oMdw8Zp2x6",k3yavi\
[],"Oracle Application Support Analyst, North West England: Oracle Application Support Analyst  Contract  North West https://t.co/zoSJAdSoIB",St_Helens_Jobs\
[],"Oracle Applications Developer, North West England: Oracle Applications Developer  Contract  North West The Oracle https://t.co/jrsdgYwBmb",St_Helens_Jobs\
['startups'],Our partner Oracle is helping #startups scale - no matter where they are or what they build. Find out why global fo https://t.co/MxnYORqEfH,StartupGrind\
[],"RT @Kevmunn: I'm excited for Phantasma Chain main net? 22 racing series launching on PhantasmaChain, coming to Xbox, Playstation and Steam.",KevinDiFilippo2\
[],"RT @tseradin: 06.22.19 Thank you, Oracle Fam!  @derichbognot @thetgueco @Ianianramil @JHAdlcrz https://t.co/q8UEzbwbfw",derichbognot\
"['OracleRMS', 'ORMS', 'Oracle', 'MondayMotivation', 'Monday', 'Morning', 'Goals', 'Motivation', 'QOTD']",Good morning Monday!  #OracleRMS #ORMS #Oracle #MondayMotivation #Monday #Morning #Goals #Motivation #QOTD https://t.co/BwyzVHOXuG,OracleRMS\
[],"RT @gaylelynds: Congratulatiaons, @PJ_Bodnar.  You are the winner of a brand-new hardcover of THE ORACLE by @CliveCussler_ &amp; @RobinBurcell.",Loudmouthkid62\
['startups'],RT:StartupGrind: Our partner Oracle is helping #startups scale - no matter where they are or what they build. Find https://t.co/3RXvzBQfux,petebiggam\
[],"RT @roanbrasil: Hi guys, a friend of mine was approved to be a speaker at Oracle Code One in SFO. He used to work in a farm cutting cane an",delley_fx\
[],Did you know your users can manipulate Oracle database data straight from Excel? Read the latest issue of the Oracl https://t.co/cOBWDWpydv,stenvesterli\
[],RT @Jojo3121305888: Amazon / Kaleido / $link chainlink   Confirmed : Google / Salesforce / Oracle   Soon Microsoft / Swift?   4IR   Amazing,bouboundi\
"['cloud', 'azure']",RT @pzerger: How to setup the interconnect between Oracle Cloud Infrastructure and Microsoft Azure https://t.co/92eu5rPUBl #cloud #azure,joseacriado\
['care'],"043516-Managing Application Consultant - Oracle HCM Cloud Time and Labor Lead in ,  | Capgemini | https://t.co/gtOScBhNbw #care",CloudyJobs\
[],"043517-Managing Applications Consultant - Oracle HCM Cloud Functional HR Core / Workflow / Self Service in ,  | Capgemini | https://cloudyjo",CloudyJobs\
[],"Oracle Exadata Database Machine X8 Builds in ML Advances, and Supercharges Performance https://t.co/238E6jYJjf via @korben",gtrauvit\
[],"@hacks4pancakes @haroldsmith3rd Sadly, my company is stuck with Oracle until the end of time because of shitty ""Goo https://t.co/Xfj0HIsD5Z",RvLeshrac\
[],"RT @AbdulMahmud01: The Great Oracle will be here as long as the gods will his stay in this part of life. There shall be no retreat, no surr",DarlingtonOleru\
"['Oracle', 'vulnerability']",RT @TrendMicroRSRCH: The new #Oracle WebLogic zero-day #vulnerability CVE-2019-2729 can be easily exploited by an unauthenticated attacker,pridham\
[],"RT @hacks4pancakes: This is a depressing look into government contract bureaucracy. Oracle looking pretty petty, here. Theres no apparent",hacks4pancakes\
[],"RT @roanbrasil: Hi guys, a friend of mine was approved to be a speaker at Oracle Code One in SFO. He used to work in a farm cutting cane an",elderjava\
"['Exadata', 'X8']",Not only are we celebrating the launch of @Oracles #Exadata Database Machine #X8  but we recently reached our 10 https://t.co/iFVs4DMYsj,MannyKorkodilos\
[],Military cloud hosting Oracle AWS intrigue,HongPong\
[],RT @fjtorres: THE DAY HAS ARRIVED! Register now for @Oracle 's FY20 Global Partner Kickoff. Join us: June 24 at 17h00 CET &amp; hear from Oracl,olivierfroggy\
['first'],"While working for @NASA Greenbelt MD as a contractor [Fairchild Space], Denise Pulliam, designed the #first logical https://t.co/ySwdsdzJDt",iConversations\
[],"@da_667 ""Oracle is a terrible company."" ~Our Lord and Savior Linus Torvalds.",sudo_apt_rekt\
"['Oracle', 'licensing']",*LAST CHANCE* to sign up for our free webinar on #Oracle #licensing. Start your Oracle new year with some very usef https://t.co/StL7KQT0Cy,SoftlineNE\
[],"RT @thepacketrat: I like to stay fair and balanced, but I think theres one thing most of us can agree on: f*ck Oracle.    Joint Chiefs CI",NMcCay\
[],Embedding Transformation Data Pipeline into ML Model using Oracle Data Mining https://t.co/WIqgZ2QHht via @odtug https://t.co/1V00LblBte,Orcl_Analytics\
[],"RT @hacks4pancakes: This is a depressing look into government contract bureaucracy. Oracle looking pretty petty, here. Theres no apparent",RvLeshrac\
[],"RT @Skin_Oracle: Refresh, hydrate and re-balance with this light texture spritz of moisture, as often as desired.  Shop @BIOeffectUK online",BIOeffectUK\
"['oracle', 'jobs']","Contract Oracle DBA , Hampshire https://t.co/uacmnZuPHq #oracle #jobs",oraclejobs_whr\
['Oracle'],You want to be sure your #Oracle applications are taking full advantage of what SSDs have to offer.  One step is  i https://t.co/bAhcU6241J,ViolinSystems\
['OpenJDK'],@Raspberry_Pi Raspbian 'Buster' 2019-06-20   * Oracle Java 7 and 8 replaced with #OpenJDK 11 * Support for Raspberr https://t.co/PsgNTKtOua,xranby\
[],"RT @hacks4pancakes: This is a depressing look into government contract bureaucracy. Oracle looking pretty petty, here. Theres no apparent",c4i\
[],"What if... The Oracle lied to me, and there really is a Spoon...and I'm so famished because I've been using a Fork for my soup!",BrokenA23645123\
['lockheedmartin'],The Art of Tendering: Optimism Bias and Project Failures - https://t.co/H7dnwPhQ4W #lockheedmartin https://t.co/W5aCHwJg1K,PaulEmanuelli1\
[],RT @FederalNewsNet: The government and Amazon Web Services laid out arguments last week for why a federal court should reject a bid protest,stannopaleota\
[],@AbdulMahmud01 The great Oracle always says it as it is...,injusticeefe\
[],RT @haroldsmith3rd: @hacks4pancakes Ive been following like a hawk. The background is crazy. Oracle (supposedly) hired PIs to follow AWS,c4i\
"['Oracle', 'EBS']",#Oracle recommends keeping the on-premise #EBS current on your journey to a hybrid cloud approach. Start leveraging https://t.co/LH6rzWin9u,panaya\
[],"RT @sladkow: About to drive by Oracle Arena, home of the NBA Champion Toronto Raptors",KevinKkf2\
[],Oracle's Steve Miranda on SaaS progress - 'We're comfortable' https://t.co/oerem11HS2,RechargeHR\
[],RT @Jojo3121305888: Amazon / Kaleido / $link chainlink   Confirmed : Google / Salesforce / Oracle   Soon Microsoft / Swift?   4IR   Amazing,ivoidw4rranties\
[],Millennial conservatives: We exist. | The Oracle https://t.co/FxyTKtOtoI,NewHanoverGOP\
[],Last chance to REGISTER!! @Oracle's FY20 Global Partner Kickoff is starting in less than 1 Hour. A great opportunit https://t.co/8l0GSblLfF,AlansBlakely\
['CCNA'],"Obtain IT Certifications now for A+/Network+/Security+, Microsoft Office Suite 2016 Specialist, CySA+, CASP+, #CCNA https://t.co/VHQYBdC7nb",CEDSolutions\
[],Just one week to submit for  Oracle Groundbreakers EMEA Tour 2019  CfP ends 01-JUL-2019! So enter your submission t https://t.co/R1qOa3Yj3x,RoelH\
[],Oracle Jobs in Nigeria for Part-Time and Full-Time2019 https://t.co/vishjdgpBr,csn_team\
[],Oracle Jobs in Nigeria for Part-Time and Full-Time2019 https://t.co/JDTjoqkA8F,sirbrightclick\
[],"RT @roanbrasil: Hi guys, a friend of mine was approved to be a speaker at Oracle Code One in SFO. He used to work in a farm cutting cane an",OswaldoRMarques\
[],An Oracle.,DominicaLStrong\
['webdev'],Running Oracle JET as Progressive Web App #webdev https://t.co/9btfH5UYZ5,Be_WebDev\
[],Oracle Future Creators: Marcel at Oracle Switzerland https://t.co/jpHFPaC7Zz,BenGreenbergNYC\
['RPA'],Take your #RPA strategy from good to great by combining @Oracle Integration and Robotic Process Automation. Discove https://t.co/H1IVyncVMY,OracleCloud\
[],"@chetanekwe @krisnoceda @ACSOSheriffs ""security footage from Oracle Arena showed Ujiri hitting the deputy with ""two https://t.co/lalJsdETyi",AlexiIvanov4\
[],"Oracle Identity Management Consultant - New York, NY https://t.co/jY5jUCsDZu",intermediagrp\
[],I didnt see enough victory laps from Warriors haters,ThePackageJG\
[],@rishumehra @TizenProject @Samsung @Windows @Apple @ubuntu That's one of the things I was referring to. The other i https://t.co/m4y87Uibe8,grayvsearth\
[],"RT @sladkow: About to drive by Oracle Arena, home of the NBA Champion Toronto Raptors",FreeTown30\
[],RT @Jojo3121305888: Amazon / Kaleido / $link chainlink   Confirmed : Google / Salesforce / Oracle   Soon Microsoft / Swift?   4IR   Amazing,Siwyyo\
['bbnaija'],The likes of tweet Oracle and co will start coming out from their holes to claim #bbnaija influencer.(I pity people https://t.co/QNVzuy72Xv,kelly_prety\
"['Insolar', 'blockchain', 'enterprise']",RT @insolario: #Insolar is heading to London to take part in the @BlockchainHQ along with other #blockchain and #enterprise heavyweights su,mirzerin\
[],RT @FranckPachot: I just published Oracle ATP: MEDIUM and HIGH services are not for OLTP https://t.co/8CGggzn5I4,leo_fart\
['RPA'],OracleCloud: Take your #RPA strategy from good to great by combining Oracle Integration and Robotic Process Automat https://t.co/fmNEhcp7S8,ShayneLibby\
['RPA'],RT @OracleCloud: Take your #RPA strategy from good to great by combining @Oracle Integration and Robotic Process Automation. Discover more:,VolkmarFoelsch\
[],RT @DVSWhatItTweets: Do you know how bad things were at Oracle were for decades? A finals game loss isnt so bad in the grand scheme of thi,RunADZ_\
[],Virginia Beach VA USA - EPM Consultant - Senior Level - The EPM Consultant - Senior Level is respons: The EPM Consu https://t.co/3FLB3Wufsc,VA_Beach_Jobs\
[],"RT @BrokenA23645123: What if... The Oracle lied to me, and there really is a Spoon...and I'm so famished because I've been using a Fork for",Hemp4Victory\
[],@_KarateChris 3 out 5 last titles. Naw Oracle went out with a bang champ.,nabeil2009\
[],"RT @hacks4pancakes: This is a depressing look into government contract bureaucracy. Oracle looking pretty petty, here. Theres no apparent",ncweaver\
[],RT @ThePackageJG: I didnt see enough victory laps from Warriors haters https://t.co/gCDUyUyZiD,ReallyB_30\
[],"RT @Wipro: Modernize the core and drive business change with us, leader in the IDC MarketScape: Worldwide for Oracle Implementation Service",KANISHK35200170\
"['automotive', 'HPC']",RT @Oracle_ME: The #automotive industry can make cars safer with @Altair_Inc Radioss crash simulation technology on Oracle Cloud #HPC insta,AnasFathihassa2\
[],"@thepacketrat @hacks4pancakes Yeah, its amazing what a joke the Oracle pitch is for this, but they seem to want to https://t.co/1S8VvnGFmW",ncweaver\
[],"Fi the outgoing oracle, ventured out to Death Mountain and traveled through time",Bot_of_Legends\
[],"RT @roanbrasil: Hi guys, a friend of mine was approved to be a speaker at Oracle Code One in SFO. He used to work in a farm cutting cane an",rcmoutinho\
[],RT @_KarateChris: Lol I dont think we discuss enough how sad Oracle went out ,BronxprodigyzZz\
['BigData'],RT @workinbigdata: Sr. Systems Analyst - Oracle/DB2/SQL - Health Care Service Corporation - [  https://t.co/tIJj0u5zYG ] #BigData #DataSci,thomashilbig2\
[],"RT @roanbrasil: Hi guys, a friend of mine was approved to be a speaker at Oracle Code One in SFO. He used to work in a farm cutting cane an",almeidajava\
['RPA'],RT @OracleCloud: Take your #RPA strategy from good to great by combining @Oracle Integration and Robotic Process Automation. Discover more:,neil_munslow\
[],"@theOutside1 @hacks4pancakes Solaris (with all the amazing stuff in it like zones, crossbow, native built-in rbac), https://t.co/VnVgDmz4RP",fredrichmaney\
['RPA'],RT @OracleCloud: Take your #RPA strategy from good to great by combining @Oracle Integration and Robotic Process Automation. Discover more:,SantchiWeb\
[],@da_667 As someone dealing with some of their shit products right now. I agree. Fuck Oracle,Tawnie\
"['apparel', 'fashion']",Stein Mart Boosts Omni-Channel Growth with Oracle Cloud - Yahoo Finance https://t.co/YqSqau7Jzi #apparel #fashion,clothesbiz\
[],RT @SparkNotes: Nobody:  The oracle in a Greek tragedy: https://t.co/HRK90jChGH,oursmmreuphoria\
[],"RT @mekakema: @BifolaX @segalink @AMADICHIMA No need to be worried anymore, bro. He was ill. He's doing so much better now. Your concern me",BifolaX\
[],https://t.co/5LrwEwwBRi Cuts Hundreds of China Jobs in Restructuring @SixthTone,cbsoupo\
['ModernMarketing'],Whisper or Shout? How Lead and Demand Generation Differ  https://t.co/MGRM5yQ71k via @OracleMktgCloud #ModernMarketing,bretsmith_HIP\
[],RT @DavidDark: Chance wrote a song about his world and ours the day after 45 called for violence against Americans who choose to kneel duri,chuck_a\
[],RT @Guy_A_Rub: It's been more than 20 years since we had a core copyrightability case (Star Athletica v. Varsity Brands is different) befor,lawprofblawg\
[],RT @CloudOnboard: @OracleCloud's Business Momentum Makes Us Revise Our Fair Value Estimate Upward via @forbes https://t.co/cSRcIJ33Hz #Orac,AirshipInternet\
[],RT @DavidDark: Chance wrote a song about his world and ours the day after 45 called for violence against Americans who choose to kneel duri,joshhurst\
[],- Martian Manhunter - The Spectre - John Constantine - Kid Flash (Bart Allen) - Oracle - Silk Spectre (Sally) - Bea https://t.co/Dd98SoDz1n,earth_2\
[],RT @ghrd: Querying &amp; binding of named object types in node-oracledb?  We need your bugs.  There is a development preview installable from h,javascriptd\
[],"RT @Kevmunn: I'm excited for Phantasma Chain main net? 22 racing series launching on PhantasmaChain, coming to Xbox, Playstation and Steam.",dawgintn\
[],"Today's card of the day is Calcite from the Eternal Crystals Oracle Cards by Jade-Sky ""Calcite's message for you is https://t.co/YbdOYjOz1o",MyInspirePlace\
[],"RT @sladkow: About to drive by Oracle Arena, home of the NBA Champion Toronto Raptors",TheRealReiner\
['databases']," | Did you know @Oracle scores highest in all 4 use cases for operational #databases, as ranked by @Gartner_inc? R https://t.co/uYhdreUTcD",OracleBelux\
[],RT @TongueTied25: @_KarateChris Ya'll can discuss it-We straight!! ..Folks that dwell on how Oracle went out? Do so cuz they haven't ever b,_KarateChris\
[],RT @nabeil2009: @_KarateChris 3 out 5 last titles. Naw Oracle went out with a bang champ.,_KarateChris\
[],Download EBOOK OCE Oracle Database SQL Certified Expert Exam Guide (Exam 1Z0-047) (Oracle Press) -&gt; https://t.co/jSBeLKnI5t,ConnieHollise\
[],RT @CUIN2forreal: @VerbTech_Co Tagg Interactive Video provides 600% to 1200% better conversions than static video.  @Microsoft @SAP @GetInE,JonTheMan19\
[],"DAILY CARD FOR JUNE 24, 2019 From THE ARCHANGEL ANIMAL ORACLE DECK By DIANE COOPER We ask that the Divine lead us t https://t.co/6Hk0fHwSYX",tri111light\
[],Running Oracle JET as Progressive Web App https://t.co/0uxoUjEeBt,JasonBRandell\
['Kscope19'],RT @connor_mc_d: Yesterday at the #Kscope19 db symposium we spoke about expensive SQL. Today just after lunch you can take that the next le,opal_EPM\
['KScope19'],RT @muthurangnathan: Good Morning #KScope19 - we get into our detailed sessions from today....do join Marc Seewald and me to learn about Co,opal_EPM\
[],"@FRAInfoStudent @da_667 If Larry walks away today, commits to a life of philanthropy and boat racing and puts someb https://t.co/915mt1nn0m",wotsac\
"['OroValley', 'traffic']","Traffic lights not working, caution in #OroValley on Oracle Rd at Magee Rd #traffic https://t.co/bc4TAizExm",TotalTrafficTUC\
[],"RT @DrIsaPantami: Global workforce, 2018.  Amazon: 647,500 Oracle: 137.000 Apple: 132,000 Microsoft: 131,000 Intel: 107,400 Alphabet: 98,77",Ismaila_Saf\
"['Oracle', 'vulnerability']","RT @TrendMicroRSRCH: #Oracle published an out-of-band security alert advisory on CVE-2019-2729, a zero-day deserialization #vulnerability i",_cyberboy_\
['oracledatabasec'],\{date\} Oracle 12c: Move datafile feature Until the release https://t.co/1CnCKsGC3b #oracledatabasec,dborcloud\
[],Running Oracle JET as Progressive Web App: https://t.co/Bz2hxz7kT4 by Andrejus Baranovskis,mike_francois\
[],RT @ipoke__em: I've been in Ghana for 10years.... I completed both SHS and University here in GHANA and I'm now working in a Good company w,osei12\
[],-N*ggas that say anything,ClassicManAL\
[],RT @_aaronwright: Went out how they deserved https://t.co/sNcC17cftw,_KarateChris\
[],AP Oracle Forms /PL SQL https://t.co/Ab6SQRJJEN,EmpleosenEsp\
[],RT @_KarateChris: Lol I dont think we discuss enough how sad Oracle went out ,Peso_Marley\
['Kscope19'],RT @carolina_dill: Free training in Oracle Analytics Cloud @ https://t.co/tQsyFoZ1Ao and Udemy. #Kscope19 @odtug https://t.co/EQtqg7Ok0I,OracleAnalytics\
[],RT @_KarateChris: Lol I dont think we discuss enough how sad Oracle went out ,Jamario44\
[],RT @DamarioJay: bUt KlAy WaS InJuREd after they been beatin injured teams for years  https://t.co/g0CFGv3V2V,MoeGoHam\
[],And we all roasted him for that it was hella bullshit. But nothing changes the fact that the Oracle went out sad,presidentemoney\
[],"RT @ncweaver: @thepacketrat @hacks4pancakes Yeah, its amazing what a joke the Oracle pitch is for this, but they seem to want to win in the",RvLeshrac\
"['hyperion', 'kscope19']","Kevin ""The Hulk"" Sharp plans to crush any #hyperion issues companies have @odtug #kscope19. Watch out! https://t.co/i3RNKI0CXb",datavail\
[],RT @DamarioJay: bUt KlAy WaS InJuREd after they been beatin injured teams for years  https://t.co/g0CFGv3V2V,presidentemoney\
[],RT @KevinMFerrara: @Patti_Sc60 @Serremmy @T_FLgal @AW95NJ @Vasachi @KAG1776MAGA @Sekusa1 @TrumpCat04 @jonz970 @heyitsCarolyn @GeanineC @Bir,CrosbyJenet\
[],"RT @MGPham: the family just getting bigger everyday...  ZeLu - I Ching oracle cards. Is a prude. Dolce, righterous, calm. Opposite to KanYu",any_profundum\
[],Tears. So powerful.  Keep On tellin is we makin this up,theapologista\
[],RT @_KarateChris: Word on the street is Oracle went out with this logo https://t.co/3eupYJQ3Re,skolgang55\
[],RT @CUIN2forreal: @VerbTech_Co Get Ready for an exciting Friday! @Digmush @Oracle @Sound_Concepts @SalesforceOrg @VerbTech_Co @GetInEarly @,JonTheMan19\
[],The proof I was taught involved having an oracle that said whether a program would terminate or not with a given in https://t.co/FlPinTB6mD,sephdebusser\
[],RT @_KarateChris: Lol I dont think we discuss enough how sad Oracle went out ,dexjets\
[],RT @injusticeefe: @AbdulMahmud01 The great Oracle always says it as it is...,AbdulMahmud01\
"['Insolar', 'blockchain', 'enterprise']",RT @insolario: #Insolar is heading to London to take part in the @BlockchainHQ along with other #blockchain and #enterprise heavyweights su,AndrewCao88\
[],Oracle (ORCL:NYS) and CBS (CBS.A:NYS)Upgraded https://t.co/S03W9skYpG https://t.co/rCeborpaF0,stockcalc\
[],RT @theapologista: Tears. So powerful.  Keep On tellin is we makin this up https://t.co/1WZtOHXw2e,DavidDark\
[],RT @CUIN2forreal: @VerbTech_Co High Performance Team - three simple rules. No Excuses - Fail Forward - Do it.  @SAP @SalesforceOrg @Microso,JonTheMan19\
[],@to_laydback I couldnt even say nun it was like talkin yo the Oracle off the matrix like what is your purpose i kn https://t.co/bpF6Yyalfw,DaNecklaceDon\
['InteractiveVideo'],RT @CUIN2forreal: @VerbTech_Co #InteractiveVideo Its happening...interactive video is taking over for static video. @SalesforceOrg @Oracle,JonTheMan19\
[],"Celebrating 10 years in production, @Oracle has launched the most advanced machine to date - the @OracleExadata Dat https://t.co/U1pDeKNcro",moose1154\
[],RT @CUIN2forreal: The healthcare vertical alone will make $VERB a multi billion dollar enterprise.  Add in partnerships with @Microsoft @Ad,JonTheMan19\
[],OracleAnalytics: RT carolina_dill: Free training in Oracle Analytics Cloud @ https://t.co/Wm3zp0bn9r and Udemy. https://t.co/GtHa7DmTvm,ShayneLibby\
['AI'],Only 11% of CFOs have deployed #AI at scale...why are so many not seizing the AI opportunity? @Oracle's Matt Stirru https://t.co/oebTZdtNtK,Ulf_Koester\
[],RT @bailesear:  Are you a graduate?   Are you passionate about nature?    Do you thrive around people?  Do you like a challeng,cathdenholm\
[],RT @Guy_A_Rub: It's been more than 20 years since we had a core copyrightability case (Star Athletica v. Varsity Brands is different) befor,JWimsHashway\
[],Tears. So powerful.  Keep On tellin us we makin this up,theapologista\
[],Oracle ($39.83 billion revenue in 2018) presents 'Oracle blockchain and Chainlink' at CloudEXPO /r/CryptoCurrency https://t.co/HAxeOxkkBr,CryptoNDaily\
['SixWordHorrorStory'],RT @jmotivator: We are upgrading Oracle on Saturday #SixWordHorrorStory,lindtigyli\
[],Added to my $LINK position. Looks like theyre working with Oracle now too. The Oracle guys will be presenting this https://t.co/O0bnqCpCPw,CryptoMink\
[],RT @RSI:  Today: @EngineOrg hosts: Google v Oracle: Why it Matters https://t.co/NjTfSVYkdQ @alisternburg @CCIAnet; Our @charles_duan; @Mar,EngineOrg\
[],"RT @Kevmunn: I'm excited for Phantasma Chain main net? 22 racing series launching on PhantasmaChain, coming to Xbox, Playstation and Steam.",banguye37\
[],"RT @Villainsdemand: @GeekVibesNation If Jordan played Morpheus, who had to change his appearance much like the Oracle had done, I could get",hwatford\
[],"RT @AbdulMahmud01: See, these guys who think they've the repertoire of expletives simply forget that many here are tempered by education an",Temisan_daniels\
"['AutonomousDatabase', 'CloudWars']",A look into the success and impact of the Oracle #AutonomousDatabase. Read now via #CloudWars from @bobevansIT: https://t.co/ezrbDmB3OE,Oracle\
[],"Tarot &amp; Oracle Reading  . Pick a set of cards for some intuitive insights. Comment your selection below, if you li https://t.co/FJNaaFPwni",VeritasOracle\
[],RT @ThePackageJG: I didnt see enough victory laps from Warriors haters https://t.co/gCDUyUyZiD,_KarateChris\
[],RT @DVSWhatItTweets: Do you know how bad things were at Oracle were for decades? A finals game loss isnt so bad in the grand scheme of thi,_KarateChris\
[],"@bbcsport_david Guys, I think our oracle is broken. Can someone please restart him? Thanks.",rachidthegooner\
[],RT @zeffcurrry: Steph was crying injury after he got swept?? https://t.co/VYQ3kveP6U,_KarateChris\
[],RT @No1HomeShit: Yall 3-6 Mafia niggas appeared on the TL like Juicy J just dropped right after the Warriors lost lmfao shhhh dont worry,_KarateChris\
"['Oracle', 'AutonomousDatabase', 'FusionERP', 'HCM', 'Cloud']","Some of the biggest stars are #Oracles #AutonomousDatabase, #FusionERP &amp; #HCM #Cloud applications, and its https://t.co/NCgxZersLt",tajbayati\
[],"RT @OfftheMarc_: The Hood won, Gentrification lost https://t.co/S1gASq12RJ",_KarateChris\
[],"Sales Cloud. Offer a shared across the right information. Oracle Solaris and manage, lower costs.",oracl_ebooks\
[],RT @CryptoMink: Added to my $LINK position. Looks like theyre working with Oracle now too. The Oracle guys will be presenting this tomorro,GorkemGur2\
[],"Poor Data Mastery Impacting Ability to Drive Value From Data, @Oracle Report Shows https://t.co/XGPpYbRoXW https://t.co/tPqTHCc02U",MarTechSeries\
[],RT @_KarateChris: Word on the street is Oracle went out with this logo https://t.co/3eupYJQ3Re,TheBigSTD\
"['JEDIcontract', 'JEDI']","Your tax dollars held hostage. Costly in time, readiness, money.  #JEDIcontract #JEDI @awscloud @Azure @Oracle https://t.co/n4pi4zrUsm",JoanDWinston1\
[],RT @CryptoMink: Added to my $LINK position. Looks like theyre working with Oracle now too. The Oracle guys will be presenting this tomorro,_mxcb\
[],"You locked row A, another session locked row B. Now, you want to lock row B but you are blocked by the other sessio https://t.co/t7lvzi1wzN",DbaGenesis\
"['JEDIcontract', 'JEDI']","RT @JoanDWinston1: Your tax dollars held hostage. Costly in time, readiness, money.  #JEDIcontract #JEDI @awscloud @Azure @Oracle #WomenWho",WomenCodersBot\
[],"CBR | MongoDBs CEO on Open Source, Taking on Oracle, and Scaling Up https://t.co/3VWcHYfce2",StopMalvertisin\
[],OH MY GOD IM MORE &amp; MORE CONVINCED I WAS SOME SORT OF TELEVISUAL CHILD SEER/ORACLE FFS   did I have these?  https://t.co/JyCVdl4Svc,TheSciFiBard\
"['EPMCloud', 'financial']",RT @OracleERPCloud: Curious how Western Alliance Bank uses @Oracle #EPMCloud to get better visibility into the #financial impact of acquisi,nrachelson\
[],RT @theapologista: Tears. So powerful.  Keep On tellin us we makin this up https://t.co/1WZtOHXw2e,DavidDark\
[],"good morning, how do i do a reading that involves my oracle deck",soulquirk\
[],"Register for this live webinar on June 28, 10 AM PDT, featuring Marcin Kubacki, Storware and Simon Coter, Oracle to https://t.co/baXjGQNkEY",RichardCJose\
[],That is the Oracle!,halo_super_bot\
"['Insolar', 'blockchain', 'enterprise']",RT @insolario: #Insolar is heading to London to take part in the @BlockchainHQ along with other #blockchain and #enterprise heavyweights su,TechyGeeks1\
"['AutonomousDatabase', 'CloudWars']",Oracle: A look into the success and impact of the Oracle #AutonomousDatabase. Read now via #CloudWars from bobevans https://t.co/bsuCylLfGn,katmooracle\
"['BocaRaton', 'IT']","See our latest #BocaRaton, FL job and click to apply: Technical Architect, Oracle EBS - https://t.co/3lVbLry9CH #IT",JCI_Jobs\
[], Available for Tarot &amp; Oracle Readings  DM if interested    cash app: $makaveldee  pay pal: https://t.co/1H2ZOSCf5X,MAKAVELDEE\
[],GET READY  $LINK ,_mxcb\
[],RT @CryptoMink: Added to my $LINK position. Looks like theyre working with Oracle now too. The Oracle guys will be presenting this tomorro,_mxcb\
['IBM'],RT @davidmetcalfe12: #IBM for Runtimes - A cost-effective alternative to Oracle's Java commercial licensing charges. Learn more on the .@El,Ergun119\
"['AutonomousDatabase', 'CloudWars']",Oracle: A look into the success and impact of the Oracle #AutonomousDatabase. Read now via #CloudWars from bobevans https://t.co/tT7C09LIgR,ShayneLibby\
[],"RT @Kevmunn: I'm excited for Phantasma Chain main net? 22 racing series launching on PhantasmaChain, coming to Xbox, Playstation and Steam.",pirates_crypto\
[],@BRAVOpinions_ This is the oracle Bethenny visited... https://t.co/UiTWH04hb6,loutfieliasAL\
"['AutonomousDatabase', 'CloudWars']",RT @Oracle: A look into the success and impact of the Oracle #AutonomousDatabase. Read now via #CloudWars from @bobevansIT: https://t.co/ez,neil_munslow\
[],RT @OracleStartup: Excited for our own @fribeiro1 to present next week! https://t.co/3UV8QGHyIN,Realblopblopp\
[],"The launch of Chainlink on the Ethereum Mainnet was only a few weeks ago. Nevertheless, a lot has happened with the https://t.co/rWQvt9P3ql",thecryptocons\
[],Energy reading for June 24  Are you feeling impatient &amp; imbalanced? Your intuition cannot be supported if youre r https://t.co/GjcD5NY9Lm,hibiscusunshine\
"['FY20PKO', 'OraclePartnerNetwork']",Looking forward to the Oracle Global Partner kickoff in a few mins #FY20PKO #OraclePartnerNetwork,InfotechMannai\
"['Insolar', 'blockchain', 'enterprise']",RT @insolario: #Insolar is heading to London to take part in the @BlockchainHQ along with other #blockchain and #enterprise heavyweights su,pirates_crypto\
[],"RT @roanbrasil: Hi guys, a friend of mine was approved to be a speaker at Oracle Code One in SFO. He used to work in a farm cutting cane an",sandrogiacom\
[],"RT @IntuitiveMe333: Be mindful of how much time youre spending alone. It may be time to get out, get social &amp; connect in person. Message",TheWellnessUniv\
[],"We're a team of entrepreneurial-minded, data-driven, growth focused strategists helping clients.  Work in the place https://t.co/xebiuBIcSz",cendien\
[],"RT @juliedillon: Timed Edition Print Release!  Fine art giclee prints of my acrylic painting ""Owl Oracle"" are available in a limited run",belgeist\
"['AutonomousDatabase', 'CloudWars']",RT @Oracle: A look into the success and impact of the Oracle #AutonomousDatabase. Read now via #CloudWars from @bobevansIT: https://t.co/ez,jsebas_2000\
[],RT @MAKAVELDEE:  Available for Tarot &amp; Oracle Readings  DM if interested    cash app: $makaveldee  pay pal: https://t.co/XGlwvMwE60 htt,dreamyflames_\
[],RT @OracleStartup: Excited for our own @fribeiro1 to present next week! https://t.co/3UV8QGHyIN,ProJero\
[],Oracle's Revenue Beats Targets in Latest Quarter https://t.co/toHgysOBde https://t.co/vrUavemfRV,FirstCallOption\
[],JOB; Cincinnati OH USA - Application Database Administrator Oracle EBS/Vertex - By having a reliable data: By havin https://t.co/oyb5rqGnxK,CincinnatiJobs1\
[],"RT @BookTasters: Who wants to read ""The Oracles Journal"" for free in exchange for an honest review, gain points and rank with us?#Fantas",BookTasters\
[],"[Multilingual Calligraphy 2]  *Theme:(Japanese New Era,Reiwa) *Gasenshi-Washi(Japanese calligraphy paper)  *Paste https://t.co/TKgev0XREa",JapaneseIL\
"['Sales', 'Dallas']","We're hiring! Read about our latest job opening here: SQL/Oracle DBA - https://t.co/lEgOyV9gUu #Sales #Dallas, TX",CA_DFW_Sales2\
[],@OracleMoonlight Goodnight Oracle!! My favorite movie is high school musical! All three are cute and good so yeah xD ,Menchiie\
[],I'm going to be talking EBR @UKOUG Southern Tech on the 2nd!  So this Office Hours session will be on 10th July ins https://t.co/tjdYroYnU7,chrisrsaxon\
[],RT @DVSWhatItTweets: Do you know how bad things were at Oracle were for decades? A finals game loss isnt so bad in the grand scheme of thi,e_carey98\
[],PDF Download Introducing JavaFX 8 Programming (Oracle Press) &gt;&gt; https://t.co/XQkJVDKa1b,BeaubienRenata\
[],"@fredrichmaney @hacks4pancakes If you see what others like SmartOS are capable of, it's a shame Oracle dumped the d https://t.co/TLsmFm6jmr",theOutside1\
"['Avenu', 'LocalGov']",Do you know anyone who would like to be part of our growing team?  #Avenu #LocalGov,avenuinsights\
[],"RT @sladkow: About to drive by Oracle Arena, home of the NBA Champion Toronto Raptors",CadiLackhee\
"['FY20PKO', 'emeapartners']",Ready for today's @Oracle's FY20 Global Partner Kickoff? #FY20PKO  Starting soon #emeapartners,anaprok\
[],RT @IsaacSJ408: Moneys on that deputy being an asshole who wouldnt let him by cause he thought he was just some random black dude. https:,DonyaCarminsita\
[],RT @DavidDark: Chance wrote a song about his world and ours the day after 45 called for violence against Americans who choose to kneel duri,amylpeterson\
[],"DeRoyal, a vertically integrated manufacturer and marketer of health care products, selects AVATA to transition to https://t.co/rS8rpaihlq",avata\
[],"RT @roanbrasil: Hi guys, a friend of mine was approved to be a speaker at Oracle Code One in SFO. He used to work in a farm cutting cane an",EnocGutierrez\
[],SQL Server and Oracle are two other high demand skill sets here and elsewhere for enterprise focused development.,WesleyWaffles\
['Oracle'],"RT @OracleMobile: Exciting news for #Oracle Digital Assistant!  July 17, 10AM PDT, Catch the webcast with @suliyar discussing whats new wi",KaddeOucif\
[],Yes bitch drown the oracle baby before it gives mad prophecies  ,seandraepaelden\
[],RT @bobevansIT: I was surprised to hear @Oracle execs revert to tired competitive swipes at @Workday and @SAP during the company's otherwis,SAP_Jarret\
[],I used to be a PowerBuilder developer before I got drafted to be an Oracle DBA. I found APEX is so easy to use even https://t.co/qpywcQoxid,JimTheWhyGuy\
"['AutonomousDatabase', 'CloudWars']",RT @Oracle: A look into the success and impact of the Oracle #AutonomousDatabase. Read now via #CloudWars from @bobevansIT: https://t.co/ez,dev_mshim\
"['ROADSHOW', 'ReviewRoom']",#ROADSHOW W/ @GRadioRockstar x @SuperstarIso   #ReviewRoom featuring the ORACLE (@sparklingoracle )  1. Frenemies - https://t.co/Ly0Gxoln1D,CoolFMPH\
"['Insolar', 'blockchain', 'enterprise']",RT @insolario: #Insolar is heading to London to take part in the @BlockchainHQ along with other #blockchain and #enterprise heavyweights su,pfedchen\
"['Kscope19', 'orcldb']","If you are at #Kscope19 and do anything with #orcldb, you do NOT want to miss @connor_mc_d's talk today on cool https://t.co/YYVqlAYqtn",sfonplsql\
[],"MongoDB's CEO on Open Source, Taking on Oracle, and Scaling Up - Computer Business Review https://t.co/13xuZuEZAo",OpenSourcenew\
[],RT @luxoug1: Hello Guys !!!  One more article available written by Leonardo Santos Lopes about How to apply patch (PSU) in Oracle Enterpris,aontalba\
[],RT @_KarateChris: Word on the street is Oracle went out with this logo https://t.co/3eupYJQ3Re,everyoneh8Manny\
[],@Jojo3121305888 @ivoidw4rranties Oracle? Only a presenation right?,oraclefada\
[],@InfotechMannai ... good to have you. Also excited to hear from Oracle execs on ways to prepare for a successful an https://t.co/dAPuFiRhHb,SilviaHurnaus\
[],Wonder Woman Wildcat Frankenstein Starfire Oracle Silhouette Robotman,PrestonNelson\
"['DBAs', 'UserExperience']",Most #DBAs feel they are spending too much time dealing with day-to-day issues and not enough on #UserExperience an https://t.co/0B6NWSJO4A,OracleSecurity\
[],Engage with Oracle this Summer on Digital Transformation and Cloud ready infrastructure of the Future at the https://t.co/6Hh698FKNf,philsummons\
[],"RT @roanbrasil: Hi guys, a friend of mine was approved to be a speaker at Oracle Code One in SFO. He used to work in a farm cutting cane an",antonio_lazaro\
[],not even mentioning the headache rebirths portrayal of oracle causes me https://t.co/ZqLSWbnlUN,dinahhbabs\
['BoxOfRocks'],What are you waiting for?  Permission?  A voice from the Oracle of Delphi?  Do it.  #BoxOfRocks,JSOC_DF2\
[],"RT @CallingCorners: Interanational Fairy is June 24th!  We have a variety of books, tarot, and Oracle decks in stock that are perfe",LanaMay386\
[],RT @OracleArena: Tickets for the original date will be honored for the new date of May 17 at Oracle Arena. Fans can purchase tickets at htt,CarrieU20821447\
[],"RT @hacks4pancakes: This is a depressing look into government contract bureaucracy. Oracle looking pretty petty, here. Theres no apparent",RogueISP\
[],RT @hibiscusunshine: Energy reading for June 24  Are you feeling impatient &amp; imbalanced? Your intuition cannot be supported if youre rush,shagadellix\
[],RT @FranckPachot: @biju_thomas Interesting. What about Schema Synonyms? https://t.co/Af9Vp6DcSy,biju_thomas\
['cannabis'],Why Auxly Cannabis Group Inc (OTCMKTS:CBWTF) Could be Set Up to Squeeze  Oracle Dispatch https://t.co/HGiPF7dRaY #cannabis,CannabisBizNews\
[],My Moonbeam Magick oracle card deck is both magical and healing. Ive seen the results in person at my events.  Ge https://t.co/VQUtH8nJdG,SSMoonbeam\
"['Solaris', 'SPARC', 'emeapartners']",@jomasoft the  Oracle #Solaris and #SPARC #emeapartners,jomasoft\
[],"Happy Monday! How was your weekend? A little unsatisfied? Don't get down, get mystic with @ElenaSchwinn on https://t.co/PIeMIzpOWK",misslainie\
[],"RT CannabisBizNews ""Why Auxly Cannabis Group Inc (OTCMKTS:CBWTF) Could be Set Up to Squeeze  Oracle Dispatch https://t.co/fh6KX0Oad5",CannaFunds\
[],RT @CannabisBizNews: Why Auxly Cannabis Group Inc (OTCMKTS:CBWTF) Could be Set Up to Squeeze  Oracle Dispatch https://t.co/HGiPF7dRaY #can,collins_wilbert\
[],RT @_KarateChris: Word on the street is Oracle went out with this logo https://t.co/3eupYJQ3Re,TheHugoMorales\
[],The thug killed an oracle at the Arena of Fate.,afantasybot\
[],"RT @Wipro: Modernize the core and drive business change with us, leader in the IDC MarketScape: Worldwide for Oracle Implementation Service",Hina_mushtak\
[],@BIASCORP ready for the @Oracle partner webcast to kick off FY20. @oraclepartners @OracleERPCloud @OracleEPMCloud https://t.co/6zh12ilh6E,jon_lundstedt\
[],"RT @da_667: Personally I think cloud services are a clusterfuck,but Oracle is an evil empire, so fuck Oracle.",andrewdwilliams\
['geauc19'],"Kicking off the first day of #geauc19 in Bellevue WA, I conducted a workshop regarding Smallworld Enterprise Gatewa https://t.co/AejaEjPU5A",gwijsman\
"['Chainlink', 'smartcontracts']",RT @ChainlinkP: #Chainlink's decentralized oracle network provides reliable tamper-proof inputs and outputs for complex #smartcontracts on,soheil18\
['Oracle'],RT @SelmaLevent: Today is the day that Oracle Partner Kickoff will happen online by #Oracle thought leaders - do not forget to attend! Regi,ilkerkocer\
[],"RT @roanbrasil: Hi guys, a friend of mine was approved to be a speaker at Oracle Code One in SFO. He used to work in a farm cutting cane an",rodmsmendes\
[],RT @_KarateChris: Word on the street is Oracle went out with this logo https://t.co/3eupYJQ3Re,Gosox_\
"['DBAs', 'UserExperience']",RT @OracleSecurity: Most #DBAs feel they are spending too much time dealing with day-to-day issues and not enough on #UserExperience and pr,neil_munslow\
[],@hacks4pancakes The fact that oracle can even pursue a lawsuit like this is annoying. DoD comments regarding Oracle https://t.co/7CnsJif2bz,MalwareUFO\
[],Oracle(s) have a cuppla non-enemy snakes,pls_b_nice_2_me\
['SanJuan'],"Want to work at Oracle? We're hiring in #SanJuan, San Juan! Click the link in our bio for details on this job and m https://t.co/hMFWSkWfbN",tmj_ptr_sales\
[],"Siri, play Oracle by The Column.",buffalo666\
[],Want to know a fast way to leverage microservices backends to quickly build mobile and web UIs? Join our free webin https://t.co/FM4EDLsQNW,UKOUG\
[],It has begun! We're all tuned in for @Oracle 's FY20 Global Partner Kickoff. Join us: now &amp; hear from Oracle execs https://t.co/vSkhd7bvCK,fjtorres\
[],It has begun! We're all tuned in for @Oracle 's FY20 Global Partner Kickoff. Join us: now &amp; hear from Oracle execs https://t.co/0lhwG6n4Ol,oracleemeaps\
[],RT @grayvsearth: @rishumehra @TizenProject @Samsung @Windows @Apple @ubuntu That's one of the things I was referring to. The other is JDK -,UbuntuBot2075\
[],Get 25% off @Oracle_Edu Oracle Exam Vouchers today with the User Group Champions Program. https://t.co/iNIt8EVvP8 https://t.co/XzTxFPo1em,oracleugs\
"['AutonomousDatabase', 'DBAs']",Oracle #AutonomousDatabase forces #DBAs to adapt to new technologies and rethink the way they work. https://t.co/LgbTBStInd,SearchOracle\
[],"By now, you've probably heard about Oracle Autonomous Transaction Processing (ATP). Learn how to connect to ATP wit https://t.co/ASFb2WqbUs",OracleDatabase\
[],4 of 5 stars to The Oracle by Clive Cussler https://t.co/WNOR9AsCcn,afryans\
[],"""I felt very privileged to have the chance to dive into a new exciting product new to me at Oracle Blogger Day 2."" https://t.co/L0dEgfGREg",wcpreston\
[],P-Optimal Proof Systems for Each Set in NP but no Complete Disjoint NP-pairs Relative to an Oracle https://t.co/SpGJaCnbLJ,arxiv_cslo\
[],@dollarsanddata @APompliano Better served to preach patience in investing than doing the genius oracle approach. We https://t.co/qn6ibyhxAQ,mattonbrand\
[],"@asmallteapot Oracle/AT&amp;T/SBC/Pac Bell Park most likely will be, as will Avaya, and maybe Chase.  I bet Levi's is g https://t.co/hHREJmuVte",suldrew\
[],"Register for this live webinar on June 28, 10 AM PDT, featuring Marcin Kubacki, Storware and Simon Coter, Oracle to https://t.co/8jg1Yl5Efi",SGutierrez7\
[],"OracleDatabase: By now, you've probably heard about Oracle Autonomous Transaction Processing (ATP). Learn how to co https://t.co/jmdjduB8hI",ShayneLibby\
[],Oracle + $LINK partnership today/ tomorrow to be made official. ,andromeda_IX\
[],@StreamSpinner - The Arrangement - Oracle is now playing on MPG Radios..  Century A Music Archive - https://t.co/l3pDVJLiRt,StreamSpinner\
[],"Just thinking about basic javascript(not the real code):  var votePDP; votePDP = 5; alert (""APC""); APC++ Who do you https://t.co/SeLxuN8hhr",dmightyangel\
[],@mpgradio - The Arrangement - Oracle playing on MPG Radios..  Century A Music Archive - https://t.co/ienoGQ4Dne  Ou https://t.co/i4ITClLZJt,mpgradio\
[],"The best way to overcome surprises and ensure a clean, seamless integration on the IaaS of your choice is to work w https://t.co/f2yB4q0WMf",future_proofing\
[],Just Started! @Oracle's FY20 Global Partner Kickoff. A great opportunity for EMEA @oraclepartners to hear from Orac https://t.co/B33issOjKX,AlansBlakely\
[],Looking for the Premier Cloud Point of Sale for Restaurants?  Check out Oracle Simphony.  Call Us Today. | https://t.co/vSMQlcQvjl,anthembus\
[],RT @oracleemeaps: It has begun! We're all tuned in for @Oracle 's FY20 Global Partner Kickoff. Join us: now &amp; hear from Oracle execs on way,LuigiCochetti\
"['Insolar', 'blockchain', 'enterprise']",RT @insolario: #Insolar is heading to London to take part in the @BlockchainHQ along with other #blockchain and #enterprise heavyweights su,LowCap_Hunter\
"['Oracle', 'financials', 'functional', 'consultants']",#Oracle #financials #functional #consultants We have several roles at varying levels for experienced Oracle consult https://t.co/4cdNSceXgE,Talenterprize\
[],The vuln CVE-2019-2729 has a tweet created 1 days ago and retweeted 7 times. https://t.co/ePlUeLhmoR,ipssignatures\
[],"RT @dmightyangel: Just thinking about basic javascript(not the real code):  var votePDP; votePDP = 5; alert (""APC""); APC++ Who do you think",AvalonGroove\
[],"RT @Kevmunn: I'm excited for Phantasma Chain main net? 22 racing series launching on PhantasmaChain, coming to Xbox, Playstation and Steam.",Ramakan70481267\
[],Health Care Organization is looking for: Position : Payroll &amp; HRIS Senior Specialist  Location: Riyadh  The Candida https://t.co/igeoJYDwkV,AlkastabanF\
[],Whisper or Shout? How Lead and Demand Generation Differ https://t.co/KlKPEa3Hlz,farquad87\
[],RT @bailesear: Are you a recent graduate and passionate about connecting people with nature? This might just be the perfect opportunity for,SNHnortheast\
['startups'],RT @StartupGrind: Our partner Oracle is helping #startups scale - no matter where they are or what they build. Find out why global founders,jwilluva\
[],RT @Jojo3121305888: Amazon / Kaleido / $link chainlink   Confirmed : Google / Salesforce / Oracle   Soon Microsoft / Swift?   4IR   Amazing,CryptoRudolphus\
['Oracle'],"RT @BSaltys: Many of you have heard from me on this subject but it is worth repeating.  Yes, you can move your legacy #Oracle workloads to",cjroddy\
[],"Make up should be banned, how can you go to bed with a queen and wake up to an Oracle.",ItzKingJeff\
"['Chainlink', 'smartcontracts']",RT @ChainlinkP: #Chainlink's decentralized oracle network provides reliable tamper-proof inputs and outputs for complex #smartcontracts on,lashondreamz87\
[],$Link + Oracle :O,matroy901\
[],"RT @VeraCausa9: ""Go tell the King: The daedal Walls have fallen to the earth Phoibos has no sanctuary, No prophetic laurel, no Speaking spr",Walker48D\
['FY20PKO'],It's begun!! #FY20PKO @Oracle @Oracle_ME @OracleCloud @oracleemeaps @Infrastructure,InfotechMannai\
[],"""Security is not just the role of the CIO, not just the role of the CISO, but it's everyone's responsibility  and https://t.co/5YSiyXqfPy",cxotalk\
[],PDF Download Free  Practical Oracle JET: Developing Enterprise Applications in JavaScript  -&gt; https://t.co/JocGnJaOPj,margueritaridew\
"['cloud', 'ai']",The latest The Assyrus Srl Daily! https://t.co/SaBo1EgW1q Thanks to @Oracle @francedit @HPE_IT #cloud #ai,Assyrus\
"['Oracle', 'Countdown']",#Oracle Series: #Countdown of the Top 12 (most egregious) Oracle Terms and Conditions #12 https://t.co/lrgPUXuwes,DexSiglin\
[],RT @Freeyourradio: Some great music for you to look out the window to: @tenggerland - https://t.co/UgxxqXvEvQ. @MrJKetch - https://t.co/Psa,MrJKetch\
[],Kalypso Achieves Oracle PartnerNetwork Specialization for Oracle Supply Chain ManagementCloud https://t.co/YaDCnklnMf,Picante_Media\
[],"@simoncrosby @holgermu I like this take.   ""Oracle is not a company good at creating innovative tech, but it is a g https://t.co/CU0QQxVbwq",krmarko\
['SFO'],"Hi guys, a friend of mine was approved to be a speaker at @Oracle Code One in #SFO. He used to work in a farm harve https://t.co/Z4ZBYpWQmQ",rodmsmendes\
[],"For anyone using Oracle Sales Cloud, you'll be glad to know @OppSource will work for you (as well as in Salesforce) https://t.co/6oI5vsrOyf",sellingtools\
['KSCOPE19'],CompIntelligence is at #KSCOPE19 now through 6/27! Stop by booth 513 to say hello and find out how we can help with https://t.co/sK1ApGQZtH,CompIntelEPM\
[],"@_KarateChris It wasnt bad. It witnessed the rise and, due to injuries, fall of the Warriors dynasty.  These past https://t.co/uMLZF43ZKl",TheNBAAnalyst1\
"['cloud', 'dataeconomy']",Flat sales reported at @Oracle as it continues to transform into a #cloud vendor l #dataeconomy https://t.co/YynP3Dll9h,dataeconomy\
[],Oracle published an out-of-band update patching a critical code-execution vulnerability in its WebLogic server afte https://t.co/7aKohliC3R,TSI_Support\
[],@asmallteapot Oracle will need a mid-life rebuild around 2040 - the rebar is already showing in the upper deck stairs,suldrew\
['ProudOraclePartner'],"Autonomous Database, launched last year, is Oracles newest star product. https://t.co/jeva9RKS3n #ProudOraclePartner",vigt\
[],"Softly, softly, the tender touch.   full disclosure, I was never a fan of oracle cards until recently. I still don' https://t.co/nbzrPYHpdz",lolovasto\
"['Solaris', 'SPARC', 'emeapartners']",RT @jomasoft: @jomasoft the  Oracle #Solaris and #SPARC #emeapartners,marcel_jomasoft\
[],"@hausbauss @La__Cuen Yes, there's no way to authenticate if an oracle is telling the truth so it is essentially useless.",benthecarman\
"['London', 'conference']","What's in store at our #London Field Study #conference, June 27-28? Session leaders from @HeathrowAirport, @AECOM, https://t.co/QiZJgJsiY3",InnoLead\
[],RT @Jojo3121305888: Amazon / Kaleido / $link chainlink   Confirmed : Google / Salesforce / Oracle   Soon Microsoft / Swift?   4IR   Amazing,urketripke\
[],"I'm having a case of the Mondays  Which is odd because I work everyday, so Monday is literally just another day to https://t.co/7feVSscwr7",GeorgiePratt\
[],"RT @OdentonPatch: Hundreds of Maryland jobs at Strathmore, Chevy Chase Club, Harford Community College, Oracle, Federal Data Systems, Morga",PocahontasMari3\
['stocks'],Oracle Corp (ORCL) stock rose by 1.4077% ... now priced at 56.91. #stocks,NoStageDiving\
['Kscope19'],RT @carolina_dill: Free training in Oracle Analytics Cloud @ https://t.co/tQsyFoZ1Ao and Udemy. #Kscope19 @odtug https://t.co/EQtqg7Ok0I,TEJMORRAMS\
[],"RT @ItzKingJeff: Make up should be banned, how can you go to bed with a queen and wake up to an Oracle.",AmoakoDarko\
[],RT @DavidDark: Chance wrote a song about his world and ours the day after 45 called for violence against Americans who choose to kneel duri,Kirby_Brown\
[],Engage with Oracle this Summer on Digital Transformation and Cloud ready infrastructure of the Future at the https://t.co/SccOIWWCzr,Akshaya_Kapoor\
['BoxOfRocks'],RT @JSOC_DF2: What are you waiting for?  Permission?  A voice from the Oracle of Delphi?  Do it.  #BoxOfRocks https://t.co/bkBX444TQW,DroletLinnie\
[],"Daily Oracle Draw: 6/24/19  Now that u realize you've got what it takes to get the job done, it's time to take thi https://t.co/DiJ2aHD1dR",harkandhand\
['Kscope19'],Good Morning #Kscope19 and welcome to day 2! Don't forget to join me at 11:45 in room 6B to hear all about the Orac https://t.co/SRti19Zbcv,SQLMaria\
['Cloud'],"NEWS: @Microsoft &amp; @Oracle have joined forces, linking their #Cloud services together, allowing customers to tap in https://t.co/ej2dMBMpvR",nige_faulkner\
[],Engage with Oracle this Summer on Digital Transformation and Cloud ready infrastructure of the Future at the https://t.co/DUkBB5xKJ7,hcm_paul\
[],"@CloudExpo Is it possible to put a link, several thousand people would like to see Oracle's conference on Chainlink https://t.co/pOs33gEQ5b",Realblopblopp\
[],Larry Ellison explains Oracle's restructuring and layoffs: Some of our business units are 'melting away' and 'we ju https://t.co/cJryjLnxBb,Julie188\
['Merrimack'],"Career tip for landing jobs like ""Oracle Apps DBA"" in #Merrimack, NH. Go on informational interviews. The best way https://t.co/ZOrO3Y3MIA",tmj_NHC_it\
[],"RT @hacks4pancakes: This is a depressing look into government contract bureaucracy. Oracle looking pretty petty, here. Theres no apparent",_AJP_\
[],morphoelfinayawritten oraclenote https://t.co/YOkpjjUN3Q,elfin_aya\
[],Why Auxly Cannabis Group Inc (OTCMKTS:CBWTF) Could be Set Up to Squeeze https://t.co/DHFvMXTNr6 via @Oracle Dispatch,lezliecrump\
[],"RT @da_667: Personally I think cloud services are a clusterfuck,but Oracle is an evil empire, so fuck Oracle.",AlucardSecurity\
[],"RT @SevenShepherd: ""Hear the voice of my supplications, when I cry unto thee, when I lift up my hands toward thy holy oracle."" ~Psalms 28:2",SwwapnilPandit\
[],Anyone know what is going on with the MNITS @MinnesotaDHS website? First time in forever I've had to change my pass https://t.co/0nOBtJi9uQ,j_w_84\
['Kscope19'],RT @SQLMaria: Good Morning #Kscope19 and welcome to day 2! Don't forget to join me at 11:45 in room 6B to hear all about the Oracle Autonom,HeyAlfredoDBA\
[],Running Oracle JET as Progressive WebApp https://t.co/MzsojnZpFR,itsnerdnews\
[],RT @CryptoMink: Added to my $LINK position. Looks like theyre working with Oracle now too. The Oracle guys will be presenting this tomorro,compsciencefin\
"['JEDIcontract', 'JEDI']","RT @JoanDWinston1: Your tax dollars held hostage. Costly in time, readiness, money.  #JEDIcontract #JEDI @awscloud @Azure @Oracle #WomenWho",davidfcarr\
[],"RT @arseotero: Salesforce 2018 CRM Market Share Topped SAP, Oracle and AdobeCombined! https://t.co/eQy78HKT0k",TKeuleneer\
[],"RT @Kevmunn: I'm excited for Phantasma Chain main net? 22 racing series launching on PhantasmaChain, coming to Xbox, Playstation and Steam.",TrinhNg39419246\
[],"@MaryJaneBryksa @SSWorks @SenSanders In Panama (I taught thee for Oracle), college is free for everyone. OK, you ar https://t.co/Jh3bzq8Rs8",N2GJ\
[],"I just described the planned decommissioning of some enterprise systems at work as a ""necessary and glorious bonfir https://t.co/Fl38jVQ1Qk",dfjdejulio\
['Chainlink'],RT @SatoshiFlipper: $LINK is so undervalued right now it's silly.  #Chainlink is arguably the most important project in the space.  https:/,zomeren_jw\
['Iran'],"RT @_DirkGielenLia: #Iran,  in case you wonder who the fuck am I, well, I am The Originator, an Oracle, The LorD, and I write things like;",_DirkGielenLia\
['cannabis'],Why the iAnthus Capital Holdings Inc (OTCMKTS:ITHUF) Flower is Still Blooming  Oracle Dispatch https://t.co/kX2HnCIuB7 #cannabis,CannabisBizNews\
[],"RT @OracleDatabase: By now, you've probably heard about Oracle Autonomous Transaction Processing (ATP). Learn how to connect to ATP with mu",JonTheMan19\
[],"RT @arseotero: Salesforce 2018 CRM Market Share Topped SAP, Oracle and AdobeCombined! https://t.co/eQy78HKT0k",teodamia\
[],"RT CannabisBizNews ""Why the iAnthus Capital Holdings Inc (OTCMKTS:ITHUF) Flower is Still Blooming  Oracle Dispatch https://t.co/OSoceyhLCR",CannaFunds\
[],"Hello friends from Twitter, I want tell you the story from my friend @dorivalq. A strong guy that and used work in https://t.co/CMCaUq4qsV",educostadev\
[],RT @DavidDark: Chance wrote a song about his world and ours the day after 45 called for violence against Americans who choose to kneel duri,AlexandriaBeig4\
['FY20PKO'],#FY20PKO --&gt; How do we Succeed together? *Define your area of expertise and focus *Provide services to move custome https://t.co/9AE9BCflTc,SilviaHurnaus\
['datarecovery'],.@Oracle Zero Data Loss Recovery Appliance X8 provides up to 10X faster #datarecovery of @OracleDatabase. Learn mor https://t.co/8tc0r5Li4D,MannyKorkodilos\
"['ROADSHOW', 'ReviewRoom']",RT @CoolFMPH: #ROADSHOW W/ @GRadioRockstar x @SuperstarIso   #ReviewRoom featuring the ORACLE (@sparklingoracle )  1. Frenemies - @official,sparklingoracle\
['TopInfluence'],"IAM Platform Curated Tweet:  #TopInfluence  MongoDB's CEO on Open Source, Taking on Oracle, and Scaling Up - Comput https://t.co/w4qYhjrzzj",InfoProNetwork\
[],Clearbridge Investments LLC Has Lifted Oracle Corp $ORCL Stake by $18.34 Million; Market Valuation Rose https://t.co/DAwV5QEvQZ,HeadlinesFin\
[],"RT @DrIsaPantami: Global workforce, 2018.  Amazon: 647,500 Oracle: 137.000 Apple: 132,000 Microsoft: 131,000 Intel: 107,400 Alphabet: 98,77",BashLadan\
[],"Nervous to apply for a job like ""Alliances Consultant 4"" at Oracle? Apply even if you're not a 100% match. You migh https://t.co/GivPNMBrBL",tmj_ptr_mgmt\
['TopInfluence'],IAM Platform Curated Tweet:  #TopInfluence  Is Oracle (ORCL) Stock Outpacing Its Computer and Technology Peers This https://t.co/ozmA2SWFvw,InfoProNetwork\
[],"Hello friends from Twitter, I want tell you the story from my friend @dorivalq.  A strong guy that worked in a farm https://t.co/y26CRRNy3t",educostadev\
[],RT @bestofpjo: remember how rick riordan did a poll asking about the movies and more than 90% said that it would change everything and then,fairchildgreek\
['Chainlink'],"RT @ChainlinkP: 3 more nodes @clcgio, @chainlayer_io and Omniscience emerged in the past few days on #Chainlink's decentralized oracle netw",lashondreamz87\
[],RT @DavidDark: Chance wrote a song about his world and ours the day after 45 called for violence against Americans who choose to kneel duri,DavidDark\
[],Stein Mart Boosts Omni-Channel Growth with Oracle Cloud https://t.co/1EhqDUKFC2 https://t.co/ZZpSxnWvyC,Pierre_LP91\
"['Exadata', 'ExadataTutorial', 'SmartScan', 'Oracle']",Magic Feature of Oracle Exadata  Smart Scan #Exadata #ExadataTutorial #SmartScan #Oracle  https://t.co/NJjqyQe68q,MehmetDeveci_63\
[],Oracle Reading appointments are available. Appointments can be booked on my Facebook business page &amp; on Instagram. https://t.co/4Psjij3J6U,MsRobinFerguson\
['AskTOM'],Popular on #AskTOM Error Message:ORA-22905: cannot access rows from a non-nested table item https://t.co/OGfueAmg1c,OracleAskTOM\
[],"RT @sladkow: About to drive by Oracle Arena, home of the NBA Champion Toronto Raptors",DennisJaguar\
"['Oracle', 'IaaS']",RT @TTintheCloud: #Oracle #IaaS plans suggest specialization is path to success https://t.co/0MSTRxKUA5,Rosenchild\
[],"The Darians had come to the Imperial Palace to negotiate a peace, but their intent was quite different because in s https://t.co/NrV3E6mAzY",gerdesilets\
['oracleglossary'],\{date\} Oracle glossary: synonyms A synonym is an alias to a https://t.co/vu4Gubb7l6 #oracleglossary,dborcloud\
[],"I also got spend some (unexpected!) time with @askaboutjazz and her bff, Angie, who brought such light and life to https://t.co/zkpC1ELqLn",lyvonnep\
"['Oracle', 'IaaS']",RT @TTintheCloud: #Oracle may have quietly conceded defeat in broader #IaaS market https://t.co/0MSTRxKUA5 https://t.co/GRcUy68D0n,Rosenchild\
[],"Oracle Database Administrator - JP1963 - Taylor, TX https://t.co/lYZklqctgI",RomackInc\
"['Oracle', 'IaaS']",RT @TTintheCloud: #Oracle may have quietly conceded defeat in broader #IaaS market https://t.co/0MSTRxKUA5 https://t.co/GRcUy68D0n,Rosenchild\
[],"@NikFikrie like u playing cm, lion, oracle on pos 5   pl riki on pos 1  echan np pos 3  mcm tu la haha",zxulfadzli\
[],Lets discuss more. Feel free,SeeMid_Tweet\
[],RT @CryptoMink: Added to my $LINK position. Looks like theyre working with Oracle now too. The Oracle guys will be presenting this tomorro,CryptoAlex420\
"['Oracle', 'IaaS']",RT @TTintheCloud: #Oracle #IaaS plans suggest specialization is path to success https://t.co/0MSTRxKUA5,Rosenchild\
"['Oracle', 'IaaS']",RT @TTintheCloud: #Oracle may have quietly conceded defeat in broader #IaaS market https://t.co/0MSTRxKUA5 https://t.co/GRcUy68D0n,Rosenchild\
[],Kalypso Achieves Oracle PartnerNetwork Specialization for Oracle Supply Chain ManagementCloud https://t.co/RIUx70B4Do,AFTvitaliy\
['FY20PKO'],RT @SilviaHurnaus: #FY20PKO --&gt; How do we Succeed together? *Define your area of expertise and focus *Provide services to move customers to,AlansBlakely\
[],"@firelordzukitty Thank you, wise oracle!",nelliedekat\
[],"Todays oracle card readings:   Showed me that I need to say NO more, which I already knew I needed to work on.   A https://t.co/b2KMSP72IC",ginaramos__\
['MATIC'],RT @bitcoin_whales: BOOM! #MATIC $MATIC What did I say yesterday! Take the FUD bait &amp; regret  https://t.co/YR3wGmEJ5h,baareeasa\
[],RT @oakies_blog: New post by davidkurtz - Importing and Working with Exported AWR/ASH data in an Oracle database in a VirtualBox VM - https,DbaBurak\
[],"RT @ItzKingJeff: Make up should be banned, how can you go to bed with a queen and wake up to an Oracle.",ty_fame\
[],"RT @ASmallFiction: ""How can I be remembered?"" he said.  ""Be difficult to forget,"" the Oracle said.  ""How? Do I create art? Be famous? Be po",lanwangjis\
[],"@jaredpalmer @adge_uk If @Oracle ever bought out White Water Rafting, this is how they would improve it. ",neil_mcalister\
[],"RT @ItzKingJeff: Make up should be banned, how can you go to bed with a queen and wake up to an Oracle.",qwecikanye\
['SaaS'],"Why @OracleCloud ? @Oracle is the only #SaaS provider that gives a complete solution to customers, allowing them to https://t.co/4Miqzus7bK",fjtorres\
"['linux', 'database']",Can't Read Files using External Tables or Write Files using UTL_FILE using PL/SQL [Votes: 1] #linux #database https://t.co/pjtYwAhK57,linux_stack\
['chainlink'],RT @chainlinkmarket: Chainlink is an oracle option on Amazon AWS through Kaleido's integration.  #chainlink $link https://t.co/yEQSM61vhP,zomeren_jw\
['chainlink'],RT @ChainLinkGod: I truly believe it won't be long before every major cloud provider will support the #chainlink network so they can offer,zomeren_jw\
['SaaS'],"RT @fjtorres: Why @OracleCloud ? @Oracle is the only #SaaS provider that gives a complete solution to customers, allowing them to choose wh",ilkerkocer\
[],"RT @CJ_Jobs_IT: Oracle PL SQL Developer Cellular: Contract Intermediate position Tyger Valley, Western Cape Market Related cost to company",AlexanneMuelle1\
[],"MongoDBs CEO on Open Source, Taking on Oracle, and Scaling Up https://t.co/88hqMKVvlM https://t.co/guvlWfECFe",BeertjesAdvies\
"['Oracle', 'FY20PKO']",Steve Miranda on: *Why Cloud *Why #Oracle Cloud and *Why Now? at the  #FY20PKO ... need a recap? Answers directly h https://t.co/yMDLWpbw3v,SilviaHurnaus\
[],Oracle ($39.83 billion revenue in 2018) presents 'Oracle blockchain and Chainlink' at CloudEXPO   https://t.co/Jl3QyXc3pr,BlockrNews\
[],RT @daliosway: DeMarcus Cousins sitting outside the Oracle remembering he turned down New Orleans Pelicans $40 million hoping to capture a,TheBlackSid\
[],"RT @ASmallFiction: ""How can I be remembered?"" he said.  ""Be difficult to forget,"" the Oracle said.  ""How? Do I create art? Be famous? Be po",keehlmiseries\
[],RT @hibiscusunshine: Energy reading for June 24  Are you feeling impatient &amp; imbalanced? Your intuition cannot be supported if youre rush,hibiscusunshine\
"['hospitality', 'technology']","Wi-Q integrates with innovative #hospitality #technology developed by Oracle Hospitality, including, OPERA Cloud, S https://t.co/3c0IcCdteX",wiQ_Social\
[],RT @enduku_neku: any Oracle PL/SQL developer who is looking for a job .... i have a position .. you can reach to me   direct client .....th,AlexanneMuelle1\
[],"RT @buffalo666: Siri, play Oracle by The Column.",thefuneralprty\
[],[ Starter for @NocturnalWing_ ]  It had been a long day at work for Babs. Running the IT department for the GCPD me https://t.co/zEFriSDmio,BatsGirlTrainee\
[],Engage with Oracle this Summer on Digital Transformation and Cloud ready infrastructure of the Future at the https://t.co/1I5F4xZ4VD,susana_atOracle\
[],For those interested in watching the Chainlink &amp; Oracle presentation tomorrow at @CloudExpo:  The presentation begi https://t.co/NAUxgiG69T,KeeperOfCoins\
['Chainlink'],RT @SatoshiFlipper: $LINK is so undervalued right now it's silly.  #Chainlink is arguably the most important project in the space.  https:/,bezerkey1\
['rocket'],How to use Oracle SQL's GROUPING SETS with GROUPING_ID - fortunately in this example you don't need to be a #rocket https://t.co/yJPZpoFYTp,AutonomousDW\
[],@appleGAYte @sopheackang @thelouvrelou @rudyhernandez_ how do you know that? are you an Oracle?,nkrancher\
['SaaS'],"RT @fjtorres: Why @OracleCloud ? @Oracle is the only #SaaS provider that gives a complete solution to customers, allowing them to choose wh",oracleemeaps\
"['Oracle', 'FY20PKO']",RT @SilviaHurnaus: Steve Miranda on: *Why Cloud *Why #Oracle Cloud and *Why Now? at the  #FY20PKO ... need a recap? Answers directly here:,sdiedericks\
['SaaS'],"Why @OracleCloud ? @Oracle is the only #SaaS  provider giving a complete solution to customers, allowing choice tha https://t.co/g95rgqHjUL",AlansBlakely\
[],@CharlesSoule @HarperPerennial @TheGernertCo @sethasfishman Thats really interesting! I cant wait to get my hands https://t.co/TFtxAVCDrO,StarCommander5\
[],"If @Workday is ""not competitive,"" how in the heck does the company continue to grow every quarter in the mid-30s? https://t.co/1SrG1BL2p8",bobevansIT\
[],"RT @sladkow: About to drive by Oracle Arena, home of the NBA Champion Toronto Raptors",falconator5_\
[],https://t.co/N8kVGUfZNu Bow to the Queen.  An Oracle amongst humans @florencemachine,OliverioDan\
"['Oracle', 'FY20PKO']",Steve Miranda on: *Why Cloud *Why #Oracle Cloud and *Why Now? at the  #FY20PKO ... need a recap? Answers directly h https://t.co/rlSc35Fw9Q,AlansBlakely\
[],RT @KeeperOfCoins: For those interested in watching the Chainlink &amp; Oracle presentation tomorrow at @CloudExpo:  The presentation begins to,Fundamentallink\
['FY20PKO'],Glad to have you onboard!! #FY20PKO @oracleemeaps,sdiedericks\
[],"RT @ASmallFiction: ""How can I be remembered?"" he said.  ""Be difficult to forget,"" the Oracle said.  ""How? Do I create art? Be famous? Be po",nikoblasto\
[],@jackfrank_jjf Sixers -Celtics when Sixers won  Sixers-gsw in oracle,TTP247\
['schoolofathleticism'],Spent a great weekend training with the @klbalzli family and the Oracle dredythe  The #schoolofathleticism was defi https://t.co/eWavX102B8,DrLyneil\
[],"RT @FuturumResearch: Oracle Q4 earnings report is in, but what does it really mean? See what our analysts,  @SirRonSilicon and @danielnewma",mistygirlph\
[],"@FomoRichard Oracle event tomorrow is huge for $Link, just hoping its recorded so we can share it all around.",EyeeLmao\
[],RT @ghrd: Querying &amp; binding of named object types in node-oracledb?  We need your bugs.  There is a development preview installable from h,kp4912t\
['OrclDB'],RT @orclDBblogs: Video : LAG and LEAD : Problem Solving using Analytic Functions https://t.co/UbZEUNDR9X via @odtug #OrclDB,kp4912t\
['Kscope19'],RT @SQLMaria: Good Morning #Kscope19 and welcome to day 2! Don't forget to join me at 11:45 in room 6B to hear all about the Oracle Autonom,ScalableDBDoug\
[],RT @Mschrader21: Thank you @BSAnews for organizing and moderating a productive bipartisan digital government policy roundtable discussion o,AdobePolicy\
['Kscope19'],RT @connor_mc_d: Yesterday at the #Kscope19 db symposium we spoke about expensive SQL. Today just after lunch you can take that the next le,ScalableDBDoug\
[],@EyeeLmao @hanni_abu @adrien51719319 @Cjfan23 @The_Blocknet That's not what $link *does*.  Neither do those partner https://t.co/XAvsAq5DMI,arlynculwick\
[],"RT @oraclebase: Video : LAG and LEAD : Problem Solving using Analytic Functions  https://t.co/dmgoEisSam  Featuring @gwenshap saying "".com""",ScalableDBDoug\
"['linux', 'oracle']",The latest Daily IT view by Johan Louwers! https://t.co/gHOR9kiCI9 Thanks to @MeganCaywood @brunoborges @fedora #linux #oracle,johanlouwers\
[],@northlightwitch Have a look at my oracle. I made it for the reason you are looking for a new deck. It might suit y https://t.co/9m4VKzMeDi,CoinsRaven\
[],"RT @ASmallFiction: ""How can I be remembered?"" he said.  ""Be difficult to forget,"" the Oracle said.  ""How? Do I create art? Be famous? Be po",Hotpotchild\
"['Exadata', 'X8']",RT @OracleExadata: Not only are we celebrating the launch of @Oracles #Exadata Database Machine #X8  but we recently reached our 10 year,SmartMachines1\
[],RT @_KarateChris: Word on the street is Oracle went out with this logo https://t.co/3eupYJQ3Re,ThatWonAndrew\
"['automation', 'security']",RT @neil_munslow: How does @Oracle ensure a smaller attack surface? It stems from #automation. More about Oracle's cutting edge #security s,ScalableDBDoug\
"['Insolar', 'blockchain', 'enterprise']",RT @insolario: #Insolar is heading to London to take part in the @BlockchainHQ along with other #blockchain and #enterprise heavyweights su,Bob35697450\
['AutonomousDatabase'],"@OracleExadata (the hardware power for #AutonomousDatabase) just got even smarter, now comes with unique machine l https://t.co/tpevp6SddJ",AutonomousDW\
[],RT @_KarateChris: Lol I dont think we discuss enough how sad Oracle went out ,PuffyCombs10\
"['Oracle', 'IBM']",Since 1986 #Oracle and #IBM have been providing customers with joint solutions. Read about the Journey to the Moder https://t.co/qZqftwldAR,WendiKilbride\
[],"""The number 1 fear for restaurateurs are competitors with more advanced mobile capabilities"" - see how you compare https://t.co/vY2kMAPVFy",WMTHospitality\
[],@fellainiesta_ @Doodoo84561808 @Pats1289 @LiamVroom @The_FortniteGuy @TTfue In 2018 the Ninth district said breakin https://t.co/qd6TQkn5GN,Reoser2\
[],RT @KeeperOfCoins: For those interested in watching the Chainlink &amp; Oracle presentation tomorrow at @CloudExpo:  The presentation begins to,IS300F1184\
[],"RT @FilmEasterEggs: In The Matrix (1999), Morpheus nods at the blind man in the lobby of the Oracle and he nods back https://t.co/MQfoQfmDbv",Hey_Larrry\
[],@dclingi @econgeoff @MaggieECJones https://t.co/HholvsDdXM  I found this as a helpful guide to decide on how to clu https://t.co/GwSqEZdwSU,prachi_eco\
"['autonomous', 'innovation', 'cloud']",Amazing Andy confirming the @Oracle #autonomous database delivers  SIMPLE and POWERFUL  #innovation in the #cloud! https://t.co/p4jEyYhXLj,sdiedericks\
[],"RT @ASmallFiction: ""How can I be remembered?"" he said.  ""Be difficult to forget,"" the Oracle said.  ""How? Do I create art? Be famous? Be po",AmabelleFernan2\
[],"RT @ASmallFiction: ""How can I be remembered?"" he said.  ""Be difficult to forget,"" the Oracle said.  ""How? Do I create art? Be famous? Be po",RequiemPluie\
[],Well... they arent wrong.,NTORodriguez\
[],"RT @MGPham: the family just getting bigger everyday...  ZeLu - I Ching oracle cards. Is a prude. Dolce, righterous, calm. Opposite to KanYu",kraykyn_\
[],"RT @ASmallFiction: ""How can I be remembered?"" he said.  ""Be difficult to forget,"" the Oracle said.  ""How? Do I create art? Be famous? Be po",kurgure\
[],"RT @ASmallFiction: ""How can I be remembered?"" he said.  ""Be difficult to forget,"" the Oracle said.  ""How? Do I create art? Be famous? Be po",Cony_a_JoJo\
[],RT @edithbrou: Yahoo signifie: Yet Another Hierarchical Officious Oracle,cest_memphys\
[],"@BestLifeSZN Ive went to Wrigley Field, Kaufman Stadium (KC), &amp; Angel Stadium (Aneheim). I would love to go visit https://t.co/yZdzwE8hsQ",emarin671\
[],@fellainiesta_ @Doodoo84561808 @Pats1289 @LiamVroom @The_FortniteGuy @TTfue In 2018 the Ninth district said breakin https://t.co/pvov9eyupE,Reoser2\
[],"@RSuvien It is of course a sin to lie to the dear angel. Especially an oracle angel at that. But luckily, he let th https://t.co/B2th0ERjCe",CuratioAngelus\
[],"RT @ASmallFiction: ""How can I be remembered?"" he said.  ""Be difficult to forget,"" the Oracle said.  ""How? Do I create art? Be famous? Be po",OswaldSleepy\
[],RT @_KarateChris: Lol I dont think we discuss enough how sad Oracle went out ,DazBones95_\
[],"RT @ASmallFiction: ""How can I be remembered?"" he said.  ""Be difficult to forget,"" the Oracle said.  ""How? Do I create art? Be famous? Be po",yshiyki\
[],RT @_KarateChris: Word on the street is Oracle went out with this logo https://t.co/3eupYJQ3Re,DazBones95_\
[],RT @getnuo: @LINKsalem @thebitsian @scott_lew_is @cburniske @chainlink We are currently talking to chainlink team to implement a price orac,AleshB\
[],"@kierongillen It mechanizes intra-PC politics, better than any game I've ever played, but you need to lean into it. https://t.co/JzQbxa1epX",Jesseabe\
"['autonomous', 'innovation', 'cloud']",RT @sdiedericks: Amazing Andy confirming the @Oracle #autonomous database delivers  SIMPLE and POWERFUL  #innovation in the #cloud! #emeapa,AlansBlakely\
"['FY20PKO', 'OracleDatabase']",Oracle Database 19c. Get your software applications certified on the latest release. Support release until 2026 #FY20PKO #OracleDatabase,InfotechMannai\
[],Stein Mart Boosts Omni-Channel Growth with Oracle Cloud https://t.co/TOKCP6uhou https://t.co/mqwicXj2tO,1stInSEO\
"['persistence', 'Kubernetes', 'MoneyInTheBank', 'Meetup']",RT @ScalableDBDoug: Learn about #persistence #Kubernetes and #MoneyInTheBank  at the Bay Area In-Memory #Meetup  Monday June 24th 6-8pm Men,ScalableDBDoug\
[],"RT @ASmallFiction: ""How can I be remembered?"" he said.  ""Be difficult to forget,"" the Oracle said.  ""How? Do I create art? Be famous? Be po",KingMobUK\
[],"RT @FilmEasterEggs: In The Matrix (1999), Morpheus nods at the blind man in the lobby of the Oracle and he nods back https://t.co/MQfoQfmDbv",HoopeFiasco\
[],@emarin671 Oracle is on my list as is Wrigley. I also want to go to PNC Park for a Pirates game.,BestLifeSZN\
[],RT @DBArunning: Its when you are working on some of the newer db products that you really appreciate the maturity of a product like Oracle.,ScalableDBDoug\
[],Probably because an injury riddled team aint much to talk about,PeriwinkleRip\
[],RT @faronnot4ron: @FilmEasterEggs @DeliciousVids The blind man was s gatekeeper for the Oracle who could never be used by any agent because,HoopeFiasco\
['Oracle'],"RT @OracleMobile: Exciting news for #Oracle Digital Assistant!  July 17, 10AM PDT, Catch the webcast with @suliyar discussing whats new wi",CarlosChangSV\
[],"RT @CelestialSenti1: @FilmEasterEggs The Matrix is simulation of reality. Inside the Matrix you dont need eyes to see, or air to breathe. T",HoopeFiasco\
['Houston'],"Career tip for landing jobs like ""Oracle HCM Techno Functional"" in #Houston, Texas. Go on informational interviews. https://t.co/xLAT8QfZpq",tmj_hou_itpm\
"['leadership', 'management']",The latest The DallaStr Oracle! https://t.co/yeB8Sjp3LN Thanks to @WPA_NYC @YouthJusticeLA @LACANetwork #leadership #management,EmpresssJade\
[],"RT @MGPham: the family just getting bigger everyday...  ZeLu - I Ching oracle cards. Is a prude. Dolce, righterous, calm. Opposite to KanYu",CKi437\
['Cloud'],RT @OracleCloud: .@Oracle and @Microsoft have a new partnership agreement to connect Oracle #Cloud Infrastructure with Microsoft Azure Wind,MorosanuRobertI\
[],"RT @ASmallFiction: ""How can I be remembered?"" he said.  ""Be difficult to forget,"" the Oracle said.  ""How? Do I create art? Be famous? Be po",calypskei\
[],"July 2nd  Lyon, France.  We're hosting a workshop along with Jrme @jdetychey, a co-founding member of https://t.co/wiXfRSnQLM",iEx_ec\
[],"It was a pretty happy occasion for me, actually",Lior_Kz\
"['Faery', 'WisdomCard', 'Oracle', 'Tarot']",RT @MsPixALot: Amy Brown #Faery #WisdomCard Deck &amp; Book Fairy Divination Box Set #Oracle #Tarot  https://t.co/KtCd7igGX5 via @eBay #ebayROC,MisSuellaneous\
[],"i once was looking at decks of oracle cards and came across this one card and i kid you not, it brought me to tears https://t.co/tHKQopDThz",amnaisabitch\
"['MondayMotivation', 'NetSuite']",Larry Ellison: Oracle Is 'Focused On Our Star Products': https://t.co/I3iL1VjlYE #MondayMotivation #NetSuite,NetSuiteEMEA\
"['utility', 'customer', 'Customer', 'Cloud']",Keep your #utilitys voice  in sync on every #customer channel  with @OracleUtilities #Customer #Cloud Se https://t.co/j6VZsw4yEV,oracleutilities\
[],"JAVA Chronicles is completely owned by hirist and is a stable release, hoping to make as many releases as Java by O https://t.co/Byp0N9mIJA",hirist_jobs\
"['Yoga', 'Mumbai', 'Pune']",RT @Oracle_India: They say #Yoga is the perfect opportunity to be curious about who you are. Our colleagues in #Mumbai &amp; #Pune are standing,ORCLCitizenship\
[],RT @taisoleil: I asked if God has left us and I got the travel Oracle card- https://t.co/ds5k45NgHb,Sui_Ejusdem\
[],Heeeeeey  Oracle.,Isolxtedlexder\
[],RT @Jorraptor: Congrats on the win :D https://t.co/eK5W0DuoNb,TiovanniGayden\
"['Autonomous', 'Database']",RT @OracleDevs: We are pleased to announce thatOracle Text indexes has been enabled in Oracle #Autonomous #Database.Learn more: https://t,RgX6uZUFoe5JU5n\
[],"""According to a global survey by technology company Oracle, while 33% of consumers said that robots being used to s https://t.co/ed7AIXpHcb",HotelierME\
[],"Wisp: Oracle, what are you doing? Oracle: Making another animated scene for @rugrats_collab  Wisp: Its 4 oclock i https://t.co/gwSvCrymXy",Gr3n1nj4L0rd\
['Kscope19'],Join me in all my Monday sessions  the Internarional Order of Oracle Millennials lunch at #Kscope19   Looking forw https://t.co/Ix7i0Cz2qw,NevianaZhgaba\
[],RT @itsnerdnews: Running Oracle JET as Progressive WebApp https://t.co/MzsojnZpFR,WidelyHQ\
['Kscope9'],The folks at @odtug #Kscope9 this week will want to learn about the what's new from @suliyar and @Oracle Digital As https://t.co/W815sG0Cdy,OracleMobile\
[],What's up uhhh-  Hand over your life essence so I can wake up.,FuckOffInari\
['Kscope19'],Good morning @odtug #Kscope19! Join us today at 2:15 to talk single-source reporting methodology. Room 307/308. https://t.co/JQHdIdAiah,ClarityPartners\
['hoodiestyle'],"Excellent #hoodiestyle presentation from @cmagoyrk, SVP SW Dev at @Oracle, confirming to @oraclepartners that https://t.co/SIPOHEe12h",sdiedericks\
[],RT @chrisrsaxon: I'm going to be talking EBR @UKOUG Southern Tech on the 2nd!  So this Office Hours session will be on 10th July instead; s,awatkins1966\
[],@Vitricate Warriors dynasty really ended with a curry choke job at Oracle  warriors have no room to talk anymore,ChristianDrip\
[],RT @InfotechMannai: Oracle Database 19c. Get your software applications certified on the latest release. Support release until 2026 #FY20PK,sdiedericks\
"['Oracle', 'Technology', 'SouthernTech']",RT @UKOUG: A whole day of #Oracle #Technology content in London is coming soon - join us at UKOUG #SouthernTech - 2 July | Milennnium Glouc,awatkins1966\
[],"RT @ASmallFiction: ""How can I be remembered?"" he said.  ""Be difficult to forget,"" the Oracle said.  ""How? Do I create art? Be famous? Be po",seohyun\
[],@Vitricate Warriors dynasty really ended with a curry choke job at Oracle  warriors fans have no room to talk anymore,ChristianDrip\
[],Selling 7/10 GOT7 world tour keep spinning Oakland Oracle Arena VIP Gold ticket Section A Row 11 $200 will call tm https://t.co/pEXvUTLggq,sellbuyacc\
[],"Our sister companyLicenseFortress, was named by @cioreview as one of the Top 10 Software Asset Management Providers https://t.co/8C9CPTWMiu",VLSSLLC\
[],Oracle Corp $ORCL Stock Price Up as Sentiment  Increases https://t.co/OypAO63My9,HeadlinesFin\
[],I have an inner child healing Oracle in the Deck I created  https://t.co/zXHm0Qxtx7 https://t.co/yGi7IHPGR4,starsmoonandsun\
"['utility', 'customer', 'Customer', 'Cloud']",RT @oracleutilities: Keep your #utilitys voice  in sync on every #customer channel  with @OracleUtilities #Customer #Cloud Servi,C_Friguglietti\
[],Job #3801: Oracle Forms Developer https://t.co/6WmX7wLnW7,Resource1_R1\
[],Oracle Systems $ORCL Move  as Institutional Investors' Sentiment  Improved https://t.co/39HJVc440A,HeadlinesFin\
['thundercore'],RT @BTFDyoda: $link partnership with #thundercore!   Next: @Oracle   Huge. Just huge! https://t.co/1fedu2JTZ9,BTFDyoda\
[],RT @ace_papaya: A lot of your followers cant understand CHAINLINK . Kek. Dont make second attempt let them buy at $10.  and they will st,BitcoinsStacked\
[],Im excited for Fernandos talk but I dont think its hype enough to moon us. Dont be surprised if we get dumped https://t.co/kXNPW6iORz,ChainlinkBull\
[],"RT @UniversalAmani: Hey everyone! I give Spiritual Consultations via email. If interested in a Tarot/Oracle Reading, visit my website to bo",UniversalAmani\
[],"RT @hacks4pancakes: This is a depressing look into government contract bureaucracy. Oracle looking pretty petty, here. Theres no apparent",Purrcival1\
[],"Today J.P. Morgan Reconfirms a ""Hold"" Rating on Oracle Corp $ORCL and a $56 Target Price https://t.co/zvIKSoranL",HeadlinesFin\
[],RT @DavidDark: Chance wrote a song about his world and ours the day after 45 called for violence against Americans who choose to kneel duri,cboliver22\
[],RT @ipoke__em: I've been in Ghana for 10years.... I completed both SHS and University here in GHANA and I'm now working in a Good company w,imniinortey\
['Tetration'],"Not only did @Cisco #Tetration obtain amazing performance improvements by partnering with @Oracle, they redefined t https://t.co/p7gTR7OHfK",sdiedericks\
[],Why did none of you fake ass bitches let me know about this? I could have scammed my way in like I do for outside l https://t.co/CzC4M8UPT8,Jadacxnt\
[],"RT @pyn3rd: Weblogic XMLDecoder RCE start from CVE-2017-3506, end at CVE-2019-2729. We drive Oracle crazy ,finally they utilize WHITELIST t",wormfox1\
[],RT @InfotechMannai: Oracle Database 19c. Get your software applications certified on the latest release. Support release until 2026 #FY20PK,AlansBlakely\
[],RT @JimTheWhyGuy: I used to be a PowerBuilder developer before I got drafted to be an Oracle DBA. I found APEX is so easy to use even a DBA,msewtz\
"['Oracle', 'Technology', 'SouthernTech']",RT @UKOUG: A whole day of #Oracle #Technology content in London is coming soon - join us at UKOUG #SouthernTech - 2 July | Milennnium Glouc,MDWidlake\
['Tetration'],"RT @sdiedericks: Not only did @Cisco #Tetration obtain amazing performance improvements by partnering with @Oracle, they redefined their bu",AlansBlakely\
[],"The Folks at https://t.co/pDAQFg39ei came up with something fresh, Follow for more.",iimjobs\
"['onprem', 'Cloud']",See first hand how simple it is to migrate your #onprem PeopleSoft environment to Oracle #Cloud. Register to learn https://t.co/bKIIYeANVl,OracleCloud\
[],@Frenchie1904 @jennabushsbush Haha ooohh a crossover selling Nip to Catwoman :-p or CBD oil for Oracle to help with her back pain,schroedikat\
[],"@fjtorres @OracleCloud @Oracle @stevenrmiranda This is great, thanks for sharing!",JDEARCTOOLS\
['TI'],"Oracle is looking for teammates like you. See our latest #TI job openings, including ""UX Designer | Oracle Commerce https://t.co/vpozK8BVJA",tmj_ptr_it\
['cloud'],Brian Hamel from @Oracle WW A&amp;C confirms that 50% of our #cloud growth and revenue is linked or delivered by https://t.co/K9oEYbmATx,sdiedericks\
['oracle'],Clay Magouyrk explains the comprehensive Enterprise Cloud Strategy for #oracle partners &amp; why Oracle is the only pr https://t.co/DE1Rqqsjxe,SilviaHurnaus\
[],"RT @ASmallFiction: ""How can I be remembered?"" he said.  ""Be difficult to forget,"" the Oracle said.  ""How? Do I create art? Be famous? Be po",zeallurey\
['cloud'],RT @sdiedericks: Brian Hamel from @Oracle WW A&amp;C confirms that 50% of our #cloud growth and revenue is linked or delivered by @oraclepartne,SilviaHurnaus\
[],"Iron-Clad Java Building Secure Web Applications  GET THIS BOOK  Author:Jim Manico,August Detlefsen  Published in: https://t.co/03JlIfYSLY",kprabhat010\
['Oracle'],"@RogerMacNicol @Microsoft The number of #Oracle people who keep using it, no matter how many times one points out i https://t.co/BRbAqf8YLK",MDWidlake\
[],"July 2nd  Lyon, France.  We're hosting a workshop along with Jrme  @jdetychey, a co-founding member of https://t.co/sVAVgwbAHu",iEx_ec\
['software'],Announcing the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Quick Start program. Enabling anyone to deploy complex #software stacks https://t.co/dvqOu21Owk,KevinCKLi\
['Oracle'],RT @ViolinSystems: You want to be sure your #Oracle applications are taking full advantage of what SSDs have to offer.  One step is  identi,teamhedlind\
[],Wow! They put all your badge ribbons right in the bag you get at checkin! And it's so colorful!  I feel so decorat https://t.co/Je9noUuuw5,kaslinfields\
[],RT @starsmoonandsun: I have an inner child healing Oracle in the Deck I created  https://t.co/zXHm0Qxtx7 https://t.co/yGi7IHPGR4,SajTheSage\
"['onprem', 'Cloud']",OracleCloud: See first hand how simple it is to migrate your #onprem PeopleSoft environment to Oracle #Cloud. Regis https://t.co/daPDTW7YHq,ShayneLibby\
[],"RT @FuturumResearch: Oracle Q4 earnings report is in, but what does it really mean? See what our analysts,  @SirRonSilicon and @danielnewma",MartyMcPadden\
[],"RT @iEx_ec: July 2nd  Lyon, France.  We're hosting a workshop along with Jrme  @jdetychey, a co-founding member of @AssethFR  Part 1:",cezarnaz\
[],@sdiedericks @cmagoyrk @Oracle @oraclepartners @OracleCloud @oracleemeaps @MichelMariet @oraclehavovi @fjtorres https://t.co/juR0QwIVEq,SilviaHurnaus\
[],Just one link to unsubscribe from one of the biggest data tracking operations: https://t.co/qXiJpa8AZL,seinecle\
[],@aspenideas @darrenwalker @BrickAndStory @nytdavidbrooks @JustPrevention @panchoarguelles @rblancopoet https://t.co/n2S3VVMpmB,ZimJay\
[],RT @dahowlett: Oracle's Steve Miranda on SaaS progress - 'We're comfortable' https://t.co/t2YAJMVq09 - this story threw up some very intere,jscottstiles\
[],LABEFANAS ORACLE: 6-24-19 The things towards which you have been working will start to pay off.,lauralabefana\
[],"RT @iEx_ec: July 2nd  Lyon, France.  We're hosting a workshop along with Jrme  @jdetychey, a co-founding member of @AssethFR  Part 1:",Merly70419085\
[],"RT @iEx_ec: July 2nd  Lyon, France.  We're hosting a workshop along with Jrme  @jdetychey, a co-founding member of @AssethFR  Part 1:",twigwam\
[],"RT @ASmallFiction: ""How can I be remembered?"" he said.  ""Be difficult to forget,"" the Oracle said.  ""How? Do I create art? Be famous? Be po",OerbaDiaErin\
[],"Got bit by the mybatis bug this Monday morning. Oracle decided to redirect their beans.xml that mybatis uses and, b https://t.co/7plz2fNoNj",awsserverless\
['Cybersecurity'],The Unprecedented Challenge Of #Cybersecurity Today https://t.co/FLLP5jLWbU,DiamondITPro\
['Project1GR'],RT @ArtPrize: We're on the lookout for our next team member---Production Coordinator for the #Project1GR season.   Find out more + apply: h,roguewoodart\
['Tarot'],"NEW!! Tuesday, 25 June 2019 #Tarot and Oracle Guidance https://t.co/xjJWi3rQDn via @YouTube",LisaFrideborg\
[],RT @solixbigdata: Solix Database Archiving  A smart way to manage data growth in production databases. Get started now: https://t.co/X6Kd,healthdevice\
"['Oracle', 'machinelearning', 'bigdata']",the #Oracle Data Science Daily is out! https://t.co/7rTiK5C1ks Stories via @HarveyGraham4 @olivialay_digit #machinelearning #bigdata,brendantierney\
[],Oracle DBA with Shell/Perl https://t.co/BoQ1vgk5aF,ITjobsinNY\
[],Honored to get promoted to Oracle ACE!  @oracleace @groundbreakers,fisbudo\
[],RT @DemolaRewaju: God bless the Oracle. (If that's metaphysically possible). https://t.co/b5SPPM4X55,pearltayo\
['SanJuan'],"This job is now open at Oracle in #SanJuan, San Juan. Follow us and turn on mobile alerts to hear about jobs like t https://t.co/nkc2dUSOXd",tmj_ptr_it\
[],"I just followed @architectsunepa. I am now waiting on the ""gods"" to make me smile. Surely, today is my own day; cou https://t.co/LCu4sxpS93",ItopaLucky\
"['FY20PKO', 'OPN']",#FY20PKO closing session by Julie Tung sharing directions for the new #OPN program to be announced at https://t.co/AlZY5PiUcQ,MichelMariet\
[],"@way0utwest Champion sql server wherever I go. I've worked with nearly all the others, sybase, Oracle, ingres. Nothing compares imho.",philmac750\
[],RT @PsychicOzReview: Appreciate it. Numerous info! https://t.co/GpWIzjGCLV,PsychicOzReview\
[],"@Mascot_Warechu Ara~ An idol, an bodyguard, an oracle and a CPU might have a field day..  Beingknockedup  *Smile!*",ChikatheOracle\
[],RT @bailesear: Are you a recent graduate and passionate about connecting people with nature? This might just be the perfect opportunity for,StirlingSWT\
[],RT @hibiscusunshine: Energy reading for June 24  Are you feeling impatient &amp; imbalanced? Your intuition cannot be supported if youre rush,hibiscusunshine\
[],Oracle Headquarter (Smart Village) | Projects | Alico https://t.co/FOHmrWtB3h,TheFurious100\
[],@Lxxvfy516 Yeah smh. The first episode when he went to that oracle talked about gods taking away his blessings if t https://t.co/m2A3LOuE1a,lordvonzs\
"['assess', 'socialseller']","RT @ldobin: Thanks to @MichelMariet @oracleemeaps, a great opportunity to #assess your #socialseller profile and grab powerful tips on you",DominiqueBDR\
['chainlink'],"RT @chainlinkmarket: Is #chainlink getting added to @ORCLBlockchain?  ""How startups can sell their services to smart contracts, and walk th",cryptorobocop\
[],Be sure to catch the latest from @EvokeASMR tonight.,HarmoniousASMR\
[],RT @lordvonzs: @Lxxvfy516 Yeah smh. The first episode when he went to that oracle talked about gods taking away his blessings if they felt,Lxxvfy516\
[],"RT @CloudExpo: Oracle to Present Oracle Blockchain and Chainlink June 24-26, 2019 at CloudEXPO Silicon Valley   https://t.co/3572OumCbX  @O",Serhey08764287\
['chainlink'],"RT @chainlinkmarket: Is #chainlink getting added to @ORCLBlockchain?  ""How startups can sell their services to smart contracts, and walk th",lenguic\
[],imma do it,lesbianightwing\
[],Is there anybody at the @sfchronicle who understands how decimal points work? https://t.co/TOxt4UBWxp https://t.co/xMpBziNa22,DavidBenAmber\
[],Or when Jermaine cole tried (and failed) to rhyme genius with penis,FlexSkylark\
[],RT @fisbudo: Honored to get promoted to Oracle ACE!  @oracleace @groundbreakers https://t.co/jrt3lTS60x,odtug\
[],Women Employees at Oracle Seek Class-Action Status in Gender Pay Lawsuit - Insurance Journal - https://t.co/w6XCu8y8AR,ChronLaw\
"['OracleSMB', 'Oracle']",@Oracle @OracleERPCloud #OracleSMB #Oracle Enterprise Performance Management Cloud Learning Subscription + Certific https://t.co/f7yJvtEeH7,EvaChase\
[],New Threadbound Oracle Guidebook entry up for Patrons! The Dreamer: https://t.co/rSjVMdLnZE The Threadbound Oracle https://t.co/iEo3BrXn4M,NoelArthurian\
[],(NEWSLETTER) Moonstone VS Rainbow Moonstone + Crystal Connections Oracle Review - https://t.co/Jpq67MnbhC,CrystalGuidance\
[],"Looking for a hands-on intro to Oracle's planning, budgeting, and forecasting cloud solution? Join Suzy Gallivan se https://t.co/7UYYbV5zpn",thinkfdm\
"['pointofsale', 'pos', 'restaurantpos', 'bar', 'barpos', 'grocerypos']",We Love Tulsa! A great place to work and play!! . . #pointofsale #pos #restaurantpos  #bar #barpos #grocerypos https://t.co/VBqpsa3759,anthembus\
[],ORACLE ACE Product Briefing https://t.co/Mdv2QvcWq8,ctrieb\
"['oracle', 'autonomousdatabase']",The latest The BrainSurface Times! https://t.co/mhaS1VrPIK Thanks to @whitehorsesnl @spwalker @connor_mc_d #oracle #autonomousdatabase,brainsurface\
[],"Think of HTML, WiFI, USBs. If there is a copyright here (in Oracle v. Google), then weve got a huge problem for th https://t.co/kjCO3cPmkG",EngineOrg\
[],Ice Cold Trae is my guy but Luka Doncic was consistently good throughout the season. I will never forget the game w https://t.co/o8jKtSpQ0D,easantejr\
['chainlink'],"RT @chainlinkmarket: Is #chainlink getting added to @ORCLBlockchain?  ""How startups can sell their services to smart contracts, and walk th",cryptolili\
[],Ice Cold Trae is my guy but Luka Doncic was consistently good throughout the season so hes bagging Rookie of the Y https://t.co/1K9Z5I59dG,easantejr\
[],@FriarGal I ran into Bochy at Oracle Park our first trip to SF back in April. Told him best wishes on his decision https://t.co/WP86aEtqUL,ChyronBob\
[],"RT @ASmallFiction: ""How can I be remembered?"" he said.  ""Be difficult to forget,"" the Oracle said.  ""How? Do I create art? Be famous? Be po",vibraniumstark\
['InteractiveVideo'],RT @CUIN2forreal: @VerbTech_Co #InteractiveVideo Its happening...interactive video is taking over for static video. @SalesforceOrg @Oracle,christicash11\
[],"RT @DrIsaPantami: Global workforce, 2018.  Amazon: 647,500 Oracle: 137.000 Apple: 132,000 Microsoft: 131,000 Intel: 107,400 Alphabet: 98,77",Mohammedghide\
['OrclEPM'],Alithya Leverages the Power of Oracle Hyperion FDMEE https://t.co/B6cdR8mK8v via @odtug #OrclEPM https://t.co/oBwN2iM6bO,orclepmblogs\
[],RT @UNCWAthletics: Congratulations to @UNCWMensTennis standout Daniel Groom on being selected to play in the ITA Oracle Masters in Californ,UNCWMensTennis\
"['orclapex', 'Kscope19']",RT @RoelH: Extremely honored to be promoted to Oracle Groundbreaker Ambassador ! @groundbreakers @oracleace @odtug #orclapex #Kscope19,oraesque\
['Oracle'],"RT @OracleMobile: Exciting news for #Oracle Digital Assistant!  July 17, 10AM PDT, Catch the webcast with @suliyar discussing whats new wi",EliasGargallo\
[],Just earned another Oracle Certification ,markalimolina\
[],"RT @Asukp1: After Google Cloud, ThunderCore Announces Collaboration with Chainlink for Oracle Services https://t.co/Bvzi4uYtB2 https://t.co",novatechbr\
['Kscope19'],RT @NevianaZhgaba: Join me in all my Monday sessions  the Internarional Order of Oracle Millennials lunch at #Kscope19   Looking forward t,BelenO_EPM\
[],"RT @hanfungie: After Google Cloud, ThunderCore Announces Collaboration with Chainlink for Oracle Services https://t.co/4lt3ewgmHl https://t",novatechbr\
['Foglight'],"Long running queries? No problem when using #Foglight, which helps you to identify them! https://t.co/zQ9weIjqpo https://t.co/XRjozQSFsY",QuestExperts\
[],Oracle - Partner Operations Specialist https://t.co/n7Crdm5fnH via @joinhandshake @informsUNT @UNT_LogSA,CareersBLB\
[],"RT @oracleugs: Don't miss @dbinmemory at the Oracle @Groundbreakers Yatra Tour 2019 in Kolkata on July 23, 2019. @AIOUG https://t.co/euSzc",ScalableDBDoug\
[],RT @coolballer30: part of me doesnt even want the Warriors to win this so the last game at Oracle isnt the Raptors celebrating their ship,MarieDo15865008\
"['job', 'jobs', 'hiring']","New #job: Senior DBA (MS SQL, MySQL, Oracle) Location: London Salary: 450pd - 525pd .. https://t.co/VV9pApcH1Y #jobs #hiring",TEKsystemsJobs\
[],RT @DemolaRewaju: God bless the Oracle. (If that's metaphysically possible). https://t.co/b5SPPM4X55,Aal_Rashad\
[],"RT @hacks4pancakes: This is a depressing look into government contract bureaucracy. Oracle looking pretty petty, here. Theres no apparent",infoseccrow\
[],"@whiteandnerdy11 MAY NOT BE THE ONE, BUT CAN USE THE 'ORACLE'!",FF5ForFutures\
[],RT @MrPolo_: When you have to protect the oracle https://t.co/PtsO0BGRUv,NestaWane\
[],RT @UNCWAthletics: Congratulations to @UNCWMensTennis standout Daniel Groom on being selected to play in the ITA Oracle Masters in Californ,SeahawkAD\
['loveisland'],Catching up on last nights #loveisland  Michael is the oracle.,annierosemorgan\
"['persistence', 'Kubernetes', 'MoneyInTheBank', 'Meetup']",RT @ScalableDBDoug: Learn about #persistence #Kubernetes and #MoneyInTheBank  at the Bay Area In-Memory #Meetup  Monday June 24th 6-8pm Men,ScalableDBDoug\
[],"RT @dmightyangel: Just thinking about basic javascript(not the real code):  var votePDP; votePDP = 5; alert (""APC""); APC++ Who do you think",Itz_IOA\
"['cloud', 'oci']",The latest The Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Weekly! https://t.co/puiErvHkEA Thanks to @OracleCloud @honglinsu @Garethbedigital #cloud #oci,CRuepprich\
['cloud'],Click-to-Launch Solution Stacks with Marketplace to the Oracle Cloud https://t.co/0sdQrahFzy #cloud,CRuepprich\
['chainlink'],"RT @chainlinkmarket: Is #chainlink getting added to @ORCLBlockchain?  ""How startups can sell their services to smart contracts, and walk th",_CryptoReporter\
['WebCenter'],Next Thursday  hear from our customer @ryancompanies on how ControlCenter for @Oracle #WebCenter pairs a mobile-re https://t.co/uo96HpWD0h,FishbowlE20\
[],RT @SparkNotes: Nobody:  The oracle in a Greek tragedy: https://t.co/HRK90jChGH,KerrieAlanna\
[],RT @Thischarminham: I mean Im 1000% fine with people dunking on OPD but the pedant in me is struggling not to correct everyone taking shot,oaklandamerican\
[],Oracle: Introducing Wipro's Quick Migration to Cloud for Oracle ERP https://t.co/jrNNaQJddi,DeveloperWebTV\
[],"RT @Carlicannjnr: My friend Larry is always ahead of the pack. He sees it, so does Marc. The race of the 4th industrial revolution has begu",hahus\
[],"Oracle Part 1  A Blockbuster Nigerian Movie Starring Peter Edochie, Saint Obi, Amaechi Muonagor, Charles Okafor, C https://t.co/hJkiqxgims",palinterest\
[],"@selenalarson @cnoanalysis We should have a local with us, but wanted to see if you had someplace that was a must h https://t.co/szegBY4b2Q",ian_infosec\
[],RT @solixbigdata: Solix Database Archiving  A smart way to manage data growth in production databases. Get started now: https://t.co/X6Kd,chidambara09\
"['hyperion', 'kscope19']","RT @datavail: Kevin ""The Hulk"" Sharp plans to crush any #hyperion issues companies have @odtug #kscope19. Watch out! https://t.co/OpKO2hh21",robincaputo\
[],"As directed by the Great Oracle @AbdulMahmud01, I don dey follow @architectsunepa. Have you not comply?",YOlawal\
[],"RT @ASmallFiction: ""How can I be remembered?"" he said.  ""Be difficult to forget,"" the Oracle said.  ""How? Do I create art? Be famous? Be po",NajwaAz42292583\
[],RT @DemolaRewaju: God bless the Oracle. (If that's metaphysically possible). https://t.co/b5SPPM4X55,Broadricks3\
[],Oracle ($39.83 billion revenue in 2018) presents 'Oracle blockchain and Chainlink' at CloudEXPO https://t.co/WQrrdLd7yf,reddit_crypto\
[],"RT @EngineOrg: Think of HTML, WiFI, USBs. If there is a copyright here (in Oracle v. Google), then weve got a huge problem for the future",RSI\
[],RT @FlexSkylark: Or when Jermaine cole tried (and failed) to rhyme genius with penis https://t.co/vfWyHG6qbN,xxhvnnvh\
['Kscope19'],Thank you very much to @odtug and #Kscope19 for this honor. While @GeertjanW and @peppertech are often the face of https://t.co/qU8penxPHv,OracleJET\
[],RT @OracleStartup: Excited for our own @fribeiro1 to present next week! https://t.co/3UV8QGHyIN,BlaahhhBlahhBla\
[],RT @CryptoSicario: @Microsoft will use @chainlink via @trufflesuite  @Salesforce will use @chainlink via @DappsInc  @swift will use chainli,urketripke\
['oraclesupport'],Watch CXOTalk with Oracle CIO Mark Sunday to hear his take on IT security and strategy. #oraclesupport https://t.co/41qc0M3vTA,selmasnaider\
[],"RT @iEx_ec: July 2nd  Lyon, France.  We're hosting a workshop along with Jrme  @jdetychey, a co-founding member of @AssethFR  Part 1:",jdetychey\
[],"RT @BrokenA23645123: What if... The Oracle lied to me, and there really is a Spoon...and I'm so famished because I've been using a Fork for",BrokenA23645123\
[],Oracle's Cloud Business Momentum Makes Us Revise Our Fair Value Estimate Upward via @forbes https://t.co/fyNTnVsI1u,peterarmaly\
[],RT @OracleStartup: Excited for our own @fribeiro1 to present next week! https://t.co/3UV8QGHyIN,LINKparadigm\
['Kscope19'],"RT @OracleJET: Thank you very much to @odtug and #Kscope19 for this honor. While @GeertjanW and @peppertech are often the face of JET, this",peppertech\
['Oracle'],RT @ViolinSystems: You want to be sure your #Oracle applications are taking full advantage of what SSDs have to offer.  One step is  identi,SuperDad247\
[],@Matthew72305987 @RyanJperez21 @AParadisis @Starchild995 @BleacherReport @globalnewsto Why was it obvious?   Was it https://t.co/7EmAtcSztB,AbdelnourNader\
"['hyperion', 'kscope19']","RT @datavail: Kevin ""The Hulk"" Sharp plans to crush any #hyperion issues companies have @odtug #kscope19. Watch out! https://t.co/OpKO2hh21",ekrakauer\
[],RT @OracleStartup: Excited for our own @fribeiro1 to present next week! https://t.co/3UV8QGHyIN,plantbasedfreak\
[],"RT @roanbrasil: Hi guys, a friend of mine was approved to be a speaker at Oracle Code One in SFO. He used to work in a farm cutting cane an",RafaDelNero\
['Kscope19'],"RT @OracleJET: Thank you very much to @odtug and #Kscope19 for this honor. While @GeertjanW and @peppertech are often the face of JET, this",odtug\
"['BTC', 'BTC11K', 'Crypto']",RT @snoozeAMG: These coins have wings I tell you.  Been the oracle of coins before. #BTC #BTC11K #Crypto,PistyBoPinch\
"['Oracle', 'Linux', 'Nessus']",#Oracle #Linux 6 / 7 : Unbreakable Enterprise kernel (ELSA-2019-4684) (SACK Panic) (SACK Slowness) https://t.co/PLDF6LcX0N #Nessus,SecurityNewsbot\
[],RT @_SeanDavid: If you broke up Microsoft youd get  Salesforce (Dynamics &amp; Word) Atlassian (Teams &amp; Planner) Box (OneDrive) Rackspace (Azu,Adam_Mansfield_\
"['crowningsoul', 'tarotreadings', 'tarotcommunity', 'reikihealing', 'raisingvibrations']",Lunch break walks.      #crowningsoul #tarotreadings #tarotcommunity #reikihealing #raisingvibrations https://t.co/7xzT1KaIgn,NHJunkies\
['chainlink'],"RT @CryptoRealist_: This ""small"" room is where #chainlink will be demoed by @Oracle in ~24h...    $LINK https://t.co/0O2FbqSk7K",maik_carr\
[],"RT @iEx_ec: July 2nd  Lyon, France.  We're hosting a workshop along with Jrme  @jdetychey, a co-founding member of @AssethFR  Part 1:",antiprosynth\
[],"""I lived in Egypt; my father sent me for education. I sailed the Nile to Coptus to visit the statue of Memnon &amp; hea https://t.co/c7gn0T9OpG",nmaresddreams\
[],"I had to do some abeka &amp; abc mouse with my babies and go to the pool. So we are a little behind schedule, but I wil https://t.co/ihP6CZ76iN",_PornFlakes\
['SaaS'],"RT @AlansBlakely: Why @OracleCloud ? @Oracle is the only #SaaS  provider giving a complete solution to customers, allowing choice that make",OraclePartnerDE\
['durant'],Are you looking for LeadGeneration wizard? can you please take look my profile https://t.co/CWGOc5wj4M  #durant https://t.co/7ix0rsKOQ7,atiquradil\
[],"Want to land a job like ""Senior Principal Consultant, Advanced Customer Support (ACS) - NetSuite Services"" at Oracl https://t.co/t30m2LIr9y",tmj_ptr_adm\
['FY20PKO'],RT @SilviaHurnaus: #FY20PKO --&gt; How do we Succeed together? *Define your area of expertise and focus *Provide services to move customers to,OraclePartnerDE\
['chainlink'],"RT @CryptoRealist_: This ""small"" room is where #chainlink will be demoed by @Oracle in ~24h...    $LINK https://t.co/0O2FbqSk7K",LINKparadigm\
[],"RT @MGPham: the family just getting bigger everyday...  ZeLu - I Ching oracle cards. Is a prude. Dolce, righterous, calm. Opposite to KanYu",fukaicchi\
[],"@integgroll @hacks4pancakes Yes, Oracle has a cloud, I reviewed a few bits of their public one recently, that was e https://t.co/dmzjGe3CvD",SimonRWaters\
[],"@DieDragonDie_DM The Oracle of Yggdrasil, and the hand thing! :D (y)    The escape from the Umbral Dragon was hilarious.",MichaelBrown226\
['oracle'],RT @SilviaHurnaus: Clay Magouyrk explains the comprehensive Enterprise Cloud Strategy for #oracle partners &amp; why Oracle is the only provide,OraclePartnerDE\
[],"RT @sladkow: About to drive by Oracle Arena, home of the NBA Champion Toronto Raptors",stevendeboyrie\
['Oracle'],"RT @sdiedericks: #Oracle WW A&amp;Cs @brianhamel6 confirms that not only do partners like @sunera_tech achieve amazing competitive wins, #auto",OraclePartnerDE\
"['OCI', 'Oracle']",RT @SilviaHurnaus: @brianhamel6 on Selling with Oracle  a balanced approach! Get these best practices ... They all used the #OCI &amp; #Oracle,OraclePartnerDE\
[],RT @CryptoMink: Added to my $LINK position. Looks like theyre working with Oracle now too. The Oracle guys will be presenting this tomorro,ShillerSerial\
[],"The Intuitive Chalice Oracle is back after a long hiatus! Life may have, up until this point, dealt you a few... re https://t.co/nJj8gLSxu1",Jo_Jerodene\
['ProjectManagement'],"How do you feed your Continuing Professional Development? Free #ProjectManagement reports offer solid, in-depth kno https://t.co/l7okXHYBTE",OnlinePMCourses\
[],"Join Marcin Kubacki, Storware and Simon Coter, Oracle for a live webinar, on June 28 about vProtect and how you can https://t.co/z0Q7eTVg46",OracleLinux\
[],"Oracle NetSuite Sales Representative | Jobs in Dubai, UAE by Oracle  ALINAAZ https://t.co/oOtGu6dMKg By https://t.co/855QzUM4ud",AZEINTZ\
['chainlink'],"RT @chainlinkmarket: Is #chainlink getting added to @ORCLBlockchain?  ""How startups can sell their services to smart contracts, and walk th",ShillerSerial\
"['cost', 'downtime', 'why']",RT @DbvisitMarkB: The #cost of #downtime - and #why you should care. Interesting article by Forbes: https://t.co/4uSbxCdvso  #backupandreco,KoltonAndrus\
[],RT @_SeanDavid: If you broke up Microsoft youd get  Salesforce (Dynamics &amp; Word) Atlassian (Teams &amp; Planner) Box (OneDrive) Rackspace (Azu,kamiljaros\
[],@StadiumsTen I guess its more a commentary on arenas then. Id bet its close to the oldest (obvi oracle and MSG) https://t.co/SqS2s9xd4I,skortlandt\
"['Oracle', 'Fixed', 'ZeroDay', 'Vulnerability', 'Exploit']",#Oracle #Fixed A WebLogic #ZeroDay #Vulnerability Under Active #Exploit In The Wild https://t.co/TB7FSdrCkV,miguelcarvajalm\
[],RT @OracleStartup: Excited for our own @fribeiro1 to present next week! https://t.co/3UV8QGHyIN,myster___x\
[],"RT @FadaunsiAdeniyi: @AbdulMahmud01 You can't follow the likes of the great Oracle @AbdulMahmud01 and SEGA @segalink , and yet settle for t",RareActivist\
[],Oracle DBA with Shell/Perl https://t.co/20slgaS8Pk,NewYork_HR\
[],The Global Rise of the Rest is Powered by Oracle.  Check out this article to find out how we work with startups al https://t.co/A36kKFlvRL,OracleStartup\
[],RT @RevVesta: Oracle of Passion now available for sale ... Digital Art looking at aspects of our life  through Passion...   https://t.co/Lp,___micki___\
[],Congrats to P1Day1 on the auction to golf with @TheShowEddie &amp; @TheShowThor at the Oracle Open. I tried to put my l https://t.co/GRxdKiGlWJ,TheApexAthlete\
"['databases', 'sql', 'oracle', 'mysql']",Master Oracle 11g Data Guard  https://t.co/X38t3gfL7E  #databases #sql #oracle #mysql qbXA3ZAWNWG https://t.co/QIbsUf0ZcT,DatabasesTutor\
['IT'],"Join the Cognizant team! See our latest #IT job openings, including ""Consultant - Oracle Identity Management"", via https://t.co/8dKaElt15b",tmj_NC_it\
[],RT @AIR305: Still the greatest moment to ever happen in Oracle &gt;&gt;&gt;  https://t.co/Y3CAhJEPsv,DontCallMeY0urs\
[],Oracle patches another actively-exploited WebLogic zero-day | ZDNet https://t.co/VuHtIIWebo,Wayne_Bridgeman\
['CarbonGoblet'],CARBON GOBLET   oracle enjoy #CarbonGoblet https://t.co/cdRsLQ8dZH,NoblesseBenelux\
[],RT @ThePackageJG: I didnt see enough victory laps from Warriors haters https://t.co/gCDUyUyZiD,RunADZ_\
[],"RT @da_667: Personally I think cloud services are a clusterfuck,but Oracle is an evil empire, so fuck Oracle.",l33tname\
"['audit', 'AUDT', 'IEO', 'assurance', 'SAP', 'Oracle', 'NetSuite']",RT @Auditchain: @NatsoftCorp joins @DCARPEAlliance #audit #AUDT #IEO #assurance #SAP #Oracle #NetSuite https://t.co/JIGocvXi9k,0V3rjxysexwBqaL\
[],06/24-17:05z 8.8.8.8-&gt;HPKSEA01:49675 - PROTOCOL-DNS Oracle Secure Backup observice.exe dns response overflow attempt,InternetBadness\
[],"Congrats to @RoelH for oracle groundbreaker award. @thtechnology @fdmeeguru and @FTisiot for Oracle ACE Director, https://t.co/JsU1MDn1i7",jwaalaAmarnath\
[],"Don't be shy. Score a job like ""HR Transformation Senior Manager- Oracle HCM Cloud (Fusion HR)"" at Deloitte by aski https://t.co/Oxd0wLtiqP",tmj_cin_mgmt\
[],"I've been writing 3 threadbound oracle guidebook entries each work day and it seems like such a small task, but tho https://t.co/Uceyyr3BBx",NoelArthurian\
[],"RT @AbdulMahmud01: See, these guys who think they've the repertoire of expletives simply forget that many here are tempered by education an",drewdebrah\
['chainlink'],"RT @CryptoRealist_: This ""small"" room is where #chainlink will be demoed by @Oracle in ~24h...    $LINK https://t.co/0O2FbqSk7K",2019_Gerard\
['Oracle'],"RT @OracleMobile: Exciting news for #Oracle Digital Assistant!  July 17, 10AM PDT, Catch the webcast with @suliyar discussing whats new wi",gagankchawla\
[],"RT @wokeassbronfan: top 5 oracle moments: 1) cleveland, this is for you, oh!!! 2) the block 3) the shot 4) kyrie + bron both dropping 41",YTLeDALTON1\
"['hyperion', 'kscope19']","RT @datavail: Kevin ""The Hulk"" Sharp plans to crush any #hyperion issues companies have @odtug #kscope19. Watch out! https://t.co/OpKO2hh21",ItyYach\
['oracle'],"CONSULTOR POWERCENTER- ORACLE PL/SQL at Edisa (Madrid, Spain) https://t.co/q10gn6IA9E #oracle",StackDevJobs\
['OracleAudit'],"Once an #OracleAudit is initiated, changes to your deployment cannot be made, locking in compliance issues that cou https://t.co/rlvHdXhXXv",LicenseFortress\
"['hyperion', 'kscope19']","RT @datavail: Kevin ""The Hulk"" Sharp plans to crush any #hyperion issues companies have @odtug #kscope19. Watch out! https://t.co/OpKO2hh21",FreakinJane\
"['audit', 'AUDT', 'IEO', 'assurance', 'SAP', 'Oracle', 'NetSuite']",RT @Auditchain: @NatsoftCorp joins @DCARPEAlliance #audit #AUDT #IEO #assurance #SAP #Oracle #NetSuite https://t.co/JIGocvXi9k,AssemgulS\
[],Channing Frye retiring and becoming The NBA Oracle?,spencemartin25\
[],"@AbdulMahmud01 @architectsunepa The great oracle, also tell him to follow back. The gods are wise. Your worhippers https://t.co/tGthCoYevo",IdiakeCharles\
[],@CoreyCommons @kbrenzel @paolamoniq @Cody_Bellinger Because i dont give i fuck if I get banned from oracle park because fuck the giants.,BASEDGODalbert\
['CPQ'],"From the makers of SteelBrick (Salesforce CPQ) and BigMachines (Oracle CPQ Cloud), plus a bunch of 3D experts! #CPQ https://t.co/JJwDEU31JM",chrishickman81\
[],RT @DemolaRewaju: God bless the Oracle. (If that's metaphysically possible). https://t.co/b5SPPM4X55,PDP_2019\
[],@krmarko @simoncrosby MyPOV -  It's simple: @Oracle needs to apply the principles of autonomous need to the whole s https://t.co/Vkt2YGTCpc,holgermu\
[],Test tools that address the oracle problem @sam_galson https://t.co/HXtNdcYLcd ^ar,ESnextNews\
['uokhun'],When subs 'quit findom' then make an account to be the oracle of advice for quitters.   #uokhun,DarkNylonWeb\
[],RT @simoncrosby: Id love to see @holgermus take on what Oracle needs to survive the ever changing Enterprise computing landscape https:,holgermu\
['chainlink'],"RT @CryptoRealist_: This ""small"" room is where #chainlink will be demoed by @Oracle in ~24h...    $LINK https://t.co/0O2FbqSk7K",ProJero\
[],@agaborro @NBCSWarriors But the organization always had the last say and if they really cared about kd the person t https://t.co/86kPGgFKzY,Yahboy1738\
[],"""You think you're so clever, don't you the allseeing, all-knowing oracle!"" Luciana to Erik",spoiledlucie\
[],"Congrats, @RoelH",ArchBeatDev\
[],Ive been having a blast in our Discord server with our Daily Oracle Readings! You can head over to Discord (link i https://t.co/X5i0cArnot,Rolyria\
['TheHillsNewBeginnings'],In honor of @spencerpratt returning to @MTV on #TheHillsNewBeginnings please listen to my interview with him on https://t.co/SkDX9fl04F,yungoracle\
[],the oracle at delphi made a career out of being violently high and mysterious and i would like the same for myself,laylology\
[],Busy Neviana,sfonplsql\
[],"@holgermu @simoncrosby @Oracle FYI, similar to points I made last year here.   https://t.co/D3456FQcl8",krmarko\
[],"@lizziekillin @FranckPachot @MikeDietrichDE @RoyFSwonger @OracleSQLDev It is in the release notes, but it doesn't s https://t.co/7SdGKLAKKh",thatjeffsmith\
[],"@QuinnyPig Try telling the dns admins for https://t.co/aNZ6cNLoxu, it's still hosted on dyn (now part of Oracle) an https://t.co/bHOfEB4Dg4",EwanToo\
"['audit', 'AUDT', 'IEO', 'assurance', 'SAP', 'Oracle', 'NetSuite']",RT @Auditchain: @NatsoftCorp joins @DCARPEAlliance #audit #AUDT #IEO #assurance #SAP #Oracle #NetSuite https://t.co/JIGocvXi9k,Maharab_forhad\
[],@mdinh235 @amitzil @vanpupi @RACMasterPM 6 months is far beyond the allowed and supported limit for mixed patch com https://t.co/WOYF6ptwhx,MikeDietrichDE\
[],"Series 1 Episode 5 Geoff/The Oracle says ""I hope I'm adopted"". Little does he know...",JohnMclellan95\
[],RT @MikeDietrichDE: @mdinh235 @amitzil @vanpupi @RACMasterPM 6 months is far beyond the allowed and supported limit for mixed patch combina,vanpupi\
[],"If you want to hear about feeding hummers, magick crystals, and hollywood satanic cults this @spencerpratt intervie https://t.co/4IZvVza9Vb",yungoracle\
[],"RT @Kevmunn: I'm excited for Phantasma Chain main net? 22 racing series launching on PhantasmaChain, coming to Xbox, Playstation and Steam.",KhoaTra98751904\
['Chandler'],"Interested in a job in #Chandler, AZ? This could be a great fit. Click the link in our bio to apply: Oracle Databas https://t.co/Hawk2wzYLy",tmj_phx_itdb\
[],"Top 5 Private Cloud Service Providers in 2019: HPE, VMware, Dell, Oracle, and IBM https://t.co/mWoHWXsFNE",mark97052356\
[],RT @CryptoSicario: @Microsoft will use @chainlink via @trufflesuite  @Salesforce will use @chainlink via @DappsInc  @swift will use chainli,LuckychainM\
[],@GrantHelp1 LOST Oracle AND CAN NOW USE Gladiator.,FF5ForFutures\
[],"RT @arablo: Featured Art of the Day: ""Oracle"". Buy it at: https://t.co/rIl2xP0F33 https://t.co/t1X40bt3pC",MERCHE500\
['Oracle'],RT @ViolinSystems: You want to be sure your #Oracle applications are taking full advantage of what SSDs have to offer.  One step is  identi,KiranAgrahara\
[],How Oracle is getting into VOICE!,cooksomd\
[],RT @haroldsmith3rd: @hacks4pancakes both Azure and AWS - *each* are spending $1b a month on adding infrastructure. Oracle is laying off peo,gizmomathboy\
[],"RT @OracleLinux: Join Marcin Kubacki, Storware and Simon Coter, Oracle for a live webinar, on June 28 about vProtect and how you can backup",scoter80\
[],"Please, @architectsunepa also follow back. That's how we do it in the shrine lest the gods get angry",AbdulMahmud01\
[],RT @OracleStartup: Excited for our own @fribeiro1 to present next week! https://t.co/3UV8QGHyIN,LuckychainM\
"['monday', 'motiviation', 'Oracle']",New week means new opportunities....happy monday!  #monday #motiviation #Oracle,EmilyL_tier1\
['Kscope19'],"RT @OracleJET: Thank you very much to @odtug and #Kscope19 for this honor. While @GeertjanW and @peppertech are often the face of JET, this",GeertjanW\
[],Lol oracle db is not going to hell.,vexarg_ebooks\
[],"Oracle launches Exadata X8 with automated indexing, performance improvements | ZDNet https://t.co/c9zv6BHk5b",Michael_Corey\
[],@da_667 I would fuck Oracle but their cloud infrastructure is a mountain of flaming trash surrounded by lawyers so https://t.co/gcai3dXErC,sbtge\
['Kscope19'],"RT @OracleJET: Thank you very much to @odtug and #Kscope19 for this honor. While @GeertjanW and @peppertech are often the face of JET, this",SeanMiPhillips\
[],Oracle 2019 Q4 Results Show Strength in Cloud Apps https://t.co/Tz5e774FkS,HealthITsec\
[],"@Kieronocall Yeh me and a few of them down here, were planning a jolly up to Walsall...online just after 5pm, as Cl https://t.co/dWHjgKtdqv",exm59\
[],"RT @wokeassbronfan: top 5 oracle moments: 1) cleveland, this is for you, oh!!! 2) the block 3) the shot 4) kyrie + bron both dropping 41",YaBoyWaka\
[],RT @FlexSkylark: Or when Jermaine cole tried (and failed) to rhyme genius with penis https://t.co/vfWyHG6qbN,GotFlick\
[],"@myrrlyn @whereIsTheSpai @da_667 Not even that, at least the UK has its own money. Oracle has to send people out to https://t.co/ZK1cLs3j1w",sbtge\
['ERPCloud'],RT @OracleERPCloud: .@Oracle #ERPCloud named a Leader in Gartner Magic Quadrant for the 3rd Consecutive Year! Learn more: https://t.co/FQ2Q,tier1pittsburgh\
"['Insolar', 'blockchain', 'enterprise']",RT @insolario: #Insolar is heading to London to take part in the @BlockchainHQ along with other #blockchain and #enterprise heavyweights su,ThADiNkO\
"['crowningsoul', 'tarotreadings', 'tarotcommunity', 'reikihealing', 'raisingvibrations', 'Dailytarot']",RT @NHJunkies: Lunch break walks.      #crowningsoul #tarotreadings #tarotcommunity #reikihealing #raisingvibrations #Dailytarot #tarotc,UniverseOfTarot\
"['cloud', 'oracle']",The Ricky's Oracle Daily is out! https://t.co/iq6ebeVJXu Via @samuelakdemir @SatoshiFlipper @DGSClassics #cloud #oracle,riccardo_iommi\
[],Oracle ($39.83 billion revenue in 2018) presents 'Oracle blockchain and Chainlink' at CloudEXPO https://t.co/AoQQsyM3w3,cryptodotnews\
[],"RT @jwaalaAmarnath: Congrats to @RoelH for oracle groundbreaker award. @thtechnology @fdmeeguru and @FTisiot for Oracle ACE Director, @yeah",NevianaZhgaba\
[],RT @sfonplsql: Busy Neviana https://t.co/ZkcNjWzzsO,NevianaZhgaba\
[],"RT @da_667: Personally I think cloud services are a clusterfuck,but Oracle is an evil empire, so fuck Oracle.",compuguy\
[],We had a great event with the Dynamic Youths of Oracle Ministries at Vanderbijlpark this month. It was awesome. I g https://t.co/g5GHfp8LkF,morethanwealth\
[],So excited to see our partners from around the globe participating in the Oracle FY20 Global Partner Kickoff,ksigman\
"['audit', 'AUDT', 'IEO', 'assurance', 'SAP', 'Oracle', 'NetSuite']",RT @Auditchain: @NatsoftCorp joins @DCARPEAlliance #audit #AUDT #IEO #assurance #SAP #Oracle #NetSuite https://t.co/JIGocvXi9k,rus21mix\
[],"RT @Wipro: Modernize the core and drive business change with us, leader in the IDC MarketScape: Worldwide for Oracle Implementation Service",niki_hi81\
[],Senior Oracle Developer - Defence and Cyber Security https://t.co/JnpdoF7pGs,UKUnixJobs\
[],"New Oracle Exadata Builds in Machine Learning Advances, Supercharges Performance, Improves Cost Effectiveness - AiT https://t.co/YvyTGZXyJq",DeSaInTeD\
['Kscope19'],"RT @OracleJET: Thank you very much to @odtug and #Kscope19 for this honor. While @GeertjanW and @peppertech are often the face of JET, this",FullDevOps1\
[],Oracle ($39.83 billion revenue in 2018) presents 'Oracle blockchain and Chainlink' at CloudEXPO https://t.co/iQupbvwfbb,crypto_reddit\
[],"@da_667 Honestly, who uses Oracle's cloud? ",compuguy\
[],"""The work goes away, allowing people to focus on higher-order tasks.""",tier1pittsburgh\
[],RT @fisbudo: Honored to get promoted to Oracle ACE!  @oracleace @groundbreakers https://t.co/jrt3lTS60x,till_albert\
[],Oracle Does OK - Surprised? | E-Commerce Times | compelling insights from @DenisPombriant based on @G2dotcom cu https://t.co/q6lPryJa4A,godardabel\
[],your weekly oracle card reading is online... Enjoy... https://t.co/31Is3NBkad,kismet_rising\
[],Why are Central Banks Buying Gold and Dumping Dollars? :: The Market Oracle :: https://t.co/fqDBO7WIrw,MONEYLINE_FCPL\
['Oracle'],Oracle Databases Achieve Unprecedented Speed Running on the New Exadata Database Machine X8 @esg_global #Oracle https://t.co/SeAdGthRF8,MannyKorkodilos\
['cannabis'],Analyst Target Price &amp; Stock Review on MGIC Investment Corporation (NYSE:MTG) | Osburn Oracle https://t.co/fkNBQ4UouY #cannabis,CannabisBizNews\
[],RT @chrisrsaxon: I'm going to be talking EBR @UKOUG Southern Tech on the 2nd!  So this Office Hours session will be on 10th July instead; s,Abi_Giles_Haigh\
"['oracle', '18c']",RT @amitzil: Upgrading #oracle restart to #18c. Might interest you @MikeDietrichDE and @vanpupi  https://t.co/i1Ej9V1L1H,MikeDietrichDE\
[],"@DutyDivs @jacobkennedyev1 Rab is the Oracle, a poet of the people",BaronVonHobbs\
['chainlink'],"RT @chainlinkmarket: Is #chainlink getting added to @ORCLBlockchain?  ""How startups can sell their services to smart contracts, and walk th",LowCap_Hunter\
[],Great oracle @AbdulMahmud01's directive &amp; Chelsea FC bio caught my attention sharpaly!,haykay76\
[],"A new oracle card reveal, ""Transformation and Change,"" from upcoming Everyday Witch Oracle with @deborahblake and https://t.co/rKgqBTUZJx",elisabethalba\
[],A element of application implementation is user adoption. Learn how we work to ensure a smooth transition across y https://t.co/fn8uKCv3Lz,AppsAssociates\
[],Kalypso Achieves Oracle PartnerNetwork Specialization for Oracle Supply Chain Management Cloud https://t.co/to06YRFPV6,feed_stocks\
[],RT @haykay76: Great oracle @AbdulMahmud01's directive &amp; Chelsea FC bio caught my attention sharpaly! https://t.co/o3yeSg1DCj,AbdulMahmud01\
[],oracle current date format dating malaysian guy expiration date gun https://t.co/OFuJswsPlV,BrandyT38562371\
[],"RT @OracleTennis: From @UCLA men's tennis to being ranked @ATP_Tour #65 in singles, find out from @Oracle US Tennis Award recipient @Mackie",eazeee2004\
[],"RT @OracleTennis: We  @NCAATennis!   So do @Oracle US Tennis Award recipients:  Collins, 2X Singles, @UVAWomensTennis  Di Lorenzo, Doub",eazeee2004\
[],$ORCL $SMRT Stein Mart Boosts Omni-Channel Growth with Oracle Cloud https://t.co/A7SRzAdFuF,StockNewsNow\
[],"RT @Kevmunn: I'm excited for Phantasma Chain main net? 22 racing series launching on PhantasmaChain, coming to Xbox, Playstation and Steam.",Hungngu29322967\
"['Insolar', 'blockchain', 'enterprise']",RT @insolario: #Insolar is heading to London to take part in the @BlockchainHQ along with other #blockchain and #enterprise heavyweights su,Hungngu29322967\
[],RT @OracleTennis: He clinched the 2017 @Oracle ITA Fall National Championships Singles title and now Nuno Borges of @HailStateMT in the qua,eazeee2004\
[],"RT @OracleTennis: Katarina Jokic of @UGAWomensTennis is quarterfinals bound in the DI 2019 @NCAATennis Singles Championships.   In 2018, Jo",eazeee2004\
['chainlink'],"RT @CryptoRealist_: This ""small"" room is where #chainlink will be demoed by @Oracle in ~24h...    $LINK https://t.co/0O2FbqSk7K",JulianBlei\
"['hyperion', 'kscope19']","RT @datavail: Kevin ""The Hulk"" Sharp plans to crush any #hyperion issues companies have @odtug #kscope19. Watch out! https://t.co/OpKO2hh21",CyberPappy\
[],"RT @OracleTennis: It was a tight 2nd set, but Brandon Holt of @USCMensTennis won the tie break to earn the Men's Singles title at the 2017",eazeee2004\
[],"RT @OracleTennis: She brought her winning strategy to the 2018 @Oracle ITA Masters to clinch the Women's Singles title. Today, Estella Pere",eazeee2004\
[],RT @OracleTennis: We  a few @Oracle US Tennis Award winners on these lists! Danielle Collins and Mackenzie McDonald are in the main draw o,eazeee2004\
[],"RT @BrokenA23645123: What if... The Oracle lied to me, and there really is a Spoon...and I'm so famished because I've been using a Fork for",BrokenA23645123\
[],RT @crypto_reddit: Oracle ($39.83 billion revenue in 2018) presents 'Oracle blockchain and Chainlink' at CloudEXPO https://t.co/u3hHyZ9QPr,CloudExpo\
[],RT @OracleTennis: It's on to the clay courts of @RolandGarros for Danielle Collins and @mackiemacster. Fellow @Oracle US Tennis Award winne,eazeee2004\
[],Long $MSFT,FoolMCochrane\
[],"RT @MyUTR: Big News: @AnneWorcester, former WTA CEO &amp; Connecticut Open Tournament Director, joins UTR as President. Read all about it:  htt",eazeee2004\
['RoadToIndianWells'],"RT @OracleTennis: The #RoadToIndianWells just took a turn to the east. The @Oracle Challenger Series is coming the New Haven, Conn.  Join u",eazeee2004\
[],"RT @OracleTennis: Come for the @OracleChallngrs New Haven Sept. 2-8, stay for the @Oracle Champions Cup.  Watch tennis legends @JRBlake, @A",eazeee2004\
[],RT @InvescoSeries: Invesco Series Tennis Returning To New Haven At Oracle Challenger Series https://t.co/j5p6YTjLy3 Follow at @OracleTennis,eazeee2004\
[],"RT @Carlicannjnr: My friend Larry is always ahead of the pack. He sees it, so does Marc. The race of the 4th industrial revolution has begu",bouboundi\
"['oracle', 'oraclecards', 'divination', 'magick', 'guidance', 'happyhippie', 'hippievibes', 'fairy']",#oracle card reading to start my week. #oraclecards #divination #magick #guidance #happyhippie #hippievibes #fairy https://t.co/IEughPrIC1,orangeneonghost\
['DYK'],RT @OracleTennis: #DYK: @MyUTR is powered by @Oracle algorithm using a players last 30 eligible match scores from the last 12 months. More,eazeee2004\
[],"RT @OracleTennis: 1,026 players 55 events 11 sites 6 weekends The 2019 @Oracle ITA Summer Circuit Powered by @MyUTR opens this weekend.",eazeee2004\
[],Kalypso Achieves Oracle PartnerNetwork Specialization for Oracle Supply Chain ManagementCloud https://t.co/tFYvEtP18I,AreaInfoNet\
[],Kalypso Achieves Oracle PartnerNetwork Specialization for Oracle Supply Chain ManagementCloud https://t.co/Vifx6g10DG,srm_up\
[],RT @ZDNet: Oracle patches another actively-exploited WebLogic zero-day https://t.co/Ov51p1fWuN,JosAbelardoBri1\
['DontArgueIf'],"#DontArgueIf a lovely woman on twitter tells you to buy her book.  Just buy it, read it and thank her later.  JULIU https://t.co/sqZld90HTP",Bullshotinbutt\
"['orclapex', 'Kscope19']",RT @RoelH: Extremely honored to be promoted to Oracle Groundbreaker Ambassador ! @groundbreakers @oracleace @odtug #orclapex #Kscope19,kibeha\
[],RT @crypto_reddit: Oracle ($39.83 billion revenue in 2018) presents 'Oracle blockchain and Chainlink' at CloudEXPO https://t.co/u3hHyZ9QPr,BigDataExpo\
[],RT @OracleChallngrs: Join us as we caught up with a handful of rising American 's to get their thoughts on @Oracle 's commitment to the sp,eazeee2004\
[],"Tetra the secretive oracle, ventured out to the capitol and traveled through time",Bot_of_Legends\
[],RT @OracleChallngrs: 's off to one of our top finishers at the 2018 Oracle Challenger Series  @AnisimovaAmanda on advancing to the quarter,eazeee2004\
[],RT @OracleChallngrs: The Oracle Challenger Series is heading East!  We are thrilled to bring professional tennis back to the Yale Tennis Ce,eazeee2004\
[],RT @crypto_reddit: Oracle ($39.83 billion revenue in 2018) presents 'Oracle blockchain and Chainlink' at CloudEXPO https://t.co/u3hHyZ9QPr,DevOpsSummit\
[],RT @OracleChallngrs: The Oracle Champions Cup is returning for the Oracle Challenger Series New Haven on September 7!  Catch this legends e,eazeee2004\
[],"RT @OracleChallngrs: .@Bandreescu_ , @BelindaBencic and Petra Martic all used stellar performances at the Oracle Challenger Series to prope",eazeee2004\
[],RT @OracleChallngrs: The Oracle Challenger Series is looking for Ball Persons for the New Haven event September 2-8!  If you or someone you,eazeee2004\
[],"RT CannabisBizNews ""Analyst Target Price &amp; Stock Review on MGIC Investment Corporation (NYSE:MTG) | Osburn Oracle https://t.co/6hHHuZI87i",CannaFunds\
"['APEX', 'Oracle', 'OpenData', 'ApplyToday']",Can you rock #APEX and #Oracle? We're building a team to work on the Governor's #OpenData Initiative.  #ApplyToday https://t.co/Osj0o3NtY7,njoit\
[],"explain, the mere thought proved unsettling to do so. Even when he was around Aera, The Oracle, his mood seemed to https://t.co/49McUAfus7",AcursedGuide\
[],dating website in singapore oracle bi date functions funny save the date wedding magnets https://t.co/nb4dfNqbqy,BethHar57455015\
[],"RT @cythera: Today has been an awesome bday!! My bf got me a new oracle deck, so Ill be doing free one card pulls for quick words of affir",MysticEye6\
[],@1_LOW_0219 @Blockstream @CryptoGarageInc What oracle is used?,ChainlinkBull\
['blockchain'],RT @CryptoLionel: Chainlinks token will reach $100 soon. Chainlink  is the bridge between the classic and #blockchain market! Realize tha,CryptoLionel\
[],@AbdulMahmud01 am honoured for the follow back. I stand to learn plenty from the great Oracle.,DasheRobni\
[],"Join us tomorrow for Exploring CHA Finding Explorer, 6/25 at 12pm PST for June's @AskTOM AHF session with Barry Gle https://t.co/YG5g9NxVua",OracleAHFpm\
"['p', 'proverbs', 'africanproverb']",Nobody goes to an Oracle to find out why he's doing well in life.  -Igbo proverb  #p #proverbs #africanproverb https://t.co/9xHdQxJXeO,wisemenwriting\
[],"The Great Oracle @AbdulMahmud01 , is it not possible for the petitioner to ask for something that is backed by elec https://t.co/RO0oeR0KUk",imoh10\
[],"Meanwhile, Oracle deciding to change the way the java license works and requiring an account to download the jdk is https://t.co/qXbO8uZQiW",samanthafmccabe\
[],"RT @OracleAHFpm: Join us tomorrow for Exploring CHA Finding Explorer, 6/25 at 12pm PST for June's @AskTOM AHF session with Barry Gleeson, l",smancinijr\
"['orclapex', 'Kscope19']",RT @RoelH: Extremely honored to be promoted to Oracle Groundbreaker Ambassador ! @groundbreakers @oracleace @odtug #orclapex #Kscope19,lbrizzi\
['ModernMarketing'],The Enterprise View: How to Make Email Marketing More Effective  https://t.co/LMyFBT1Mnj via @OracleMktgCloud #ModernMarketing,danielrpco\
['first'],"While working for @NASA Greenbelt MD as a contractor [Fairchild Space], Denise Pulliam, designed the #first logical https://t.co/b0Ql3WglQK",blackhairsalons\
[],What's new at Insight? Everything you need to know about the Oracle Commerce user community event is inside. - https://t.co/ofH915pFNu,pipelinepros\
[],Register now! Need help on Oracle Autonomomous Health Framework? Oracle experts will be online with answers for you https://t.co/qMzVgapriV,OracleAskTOM\
"['JoinUs', 'SequoiaConnect', 'Job']",Oracle Transactional Business Intelligence Consultant. Join Us! Global Company. #JoinUs #SequoiaConnect #Job https://t.co/UX2AJfjws1,SequoiaConnect\
['Chainlink'],RT @SatoshiFlipper: $LINK is so undervalued right now it's silly.  #Chainlink is arguably the most important project in the space.  https:/,CryptoLionel\
[],"A new oracle card reveal, ""Transformation and Change,"" from upcoming Everyday Witch Oracle with @deborahblake and https://t.co/flHQpV6Idd",elisabethalba\
[],"RT @OracleAHFpm: Join us tomorrow for Exploring CHA Finding Explorer, 6/25 at 12pm PST for June's @AskTOM AHF session with Barry Gleeson, l",andrewmorrisuk\
[],"RT @Voulnet: @hacks4pancakes Oracle does similar tricks in every country it seems.  Not winning on technical competency, but through legal",mikebailey97\
[],! The Romance Angels Oracle Cards by Doreen Virtue  OOP 44 Card Deck &amp; Guide  ( 28 Bids )  https://t.co/t7xvfi1Pla,suibwo\
"['webinar', 'Oracle']","We are exiting to be hosting another #webinar on June 27th, ""Technical Architecture of #Oracle Database Appliance a https://t.co/t0RaYXCh1J",infolob\
[],Register now! Need help on Oracle Autonomomous Health Framework? Oracle experts will be online with answers for you https://t.co/cMTkbUExdR,sKTHBTS\
[],RT @Jorraptor: Congrats on the win :D https://t.co/eK5W0DuoNb,deathhunter17\
[],"Have you registered for our ""Implementing Next Generation Financial Planning and Analysis using Oracle EPM Cloud an https://t.co/1K10iknsM8",PerfArchitects\
[],Oracle 2019 Q4 Results Show Strength in Cloud Apps https://t.co/l7unUcXEpE https://t.co/zJy9a8T70r,dougbrownDBA\
[],@witchashtyn hi!  i do tarot/oracle and pendulum readings ,itsrosespeck\
[],"RT @sladkow: About to drive by Oracle Arena, home of the NBA Champion Toronto Raptors",t_am_an_a\
[],RT @JimTheWhyGuy: I used to be a PowerBuilder developer before I got drafted to be an Oracle DBA. I found APEX is so easy to use even a DBA,HeyAlfredoDBA\
[],Exciting stuff,IS300F1184\
['Chainlink'],"On June 13, @Google Cloud in partnership with @Ethereum and Oracle service provider, #Chainlink, announced it was l https://t.co/kzKi1AWkoc",CryptoLionel\
[],RT @chris_dag: I also believe that Oracle is the garbage company behind these JEDI shenanigans. I also suspect they are the reason why John,somershade1\
[],"RT @Chibithot: @ginkosilverman Hi hiii!  My name is Sachi, heres my Oracle cosplay I am new to the Persona series so I started with 5 but",Chibithot\
[],$LINK will melt a lot of faces tomorrow. It this dosent look like mass adoption I don't know what will. Oracle is t https://t.co/tiZJRnwo0Y,ujjwal50\
['TI'],"Click the link in our bio to see currently open #TI jobs like ""CX/CRM Cloud Sales | Major Accounts | Mid-Atlantic"" https://t.co/hMxSAapupK",tmj_ptr_it\
['Kscope19'],"RT @OracleJET: Thank you very much to @odtug and #Kscope19 for this honor. While @GeertjanW and @peppertech are often the face of JET, this",andrejusb\
[],"Check out this review ""APEX? Live happy, deploy happy!"" of Oracle APEX https://t.co/bP3n2pwUNf @TrustRadius https://t.co/Tq0g2ijatM",oracleugs\
"['OracleAnalytics', 'Kscope19']",RT @philippe_lions: #OracleAnalytics is very powerful at rapidly extracting decisive insights from any data. Join our lab at #Kscope19 on t,Oracle_Barry\
"['Exadata', 'X8']","ICYMI: The new Oracle #Exadata Database Machine #X8 features breakthrough hardware and software enhancements, as we https://t.co/UWRitJ3Jac",OracleExadata\
[],Why Stephen A Smith caping for the cops @ Oracle arena?,reereephillips\
"['change', 'focus', 'yourself', 'situation', 'goodfriend']",You are looking for #change: you will want to #focus on bettering #yourself or your #situation. A #goodfriend can a https://t.co/yCJ45rmu5I,FreyaIngva\
[],ALEX LILLY returns to the realm of The Pop Oracle to talk about her upcoming tour with The Bird &amp; The Bee and ask a https://t.co/Gx34kk3M2e,Radio8Ball\
[],"RT @arseotero: Salesforce 2018 CRM Market Share Topped SAP, Oracle and AdobeCombined! https://t.co/eQy78HKT0k",xavimotos\
[],@Ai_Fi98 mvp cm sebab kill oracle,akiffnfzdn_\
['Kscope19'],"RT @OracleJET: Thank you very much to @odtug and #Kscope19 for this honor. While @GeertjanW and @peppertech are often the face of JET, this",wlscommunity\
"['persistence', 'Kubernetes', 'MoneyInTheBank', 'Meetup']",RT @ScalableDBDoug: Learn about #persistence #Kubernetes and #MoneyInTheBank  at the Bay Area In-Memory #Meetup  Monday June 24th 6-8pm Men,Alluxio\
[],Getting the love it deserves: Analysts upgrade Oracle stock after upbeat Q4 - Yahoo Finance https://t.co/N32WalRTxM https://t.co/DdchJNf74C,vigt\
[],"RT @BenjaminArnulf: 6,000+ online analytics leaders already  completed the Oracle Analytics course on @Udemy! Modern Data Visualization wit",Oracle_Barry\
[],"RT @Carlicannjnr: My friend Larry is always ahead of the pack. He sees it, so does Marc. The race of the 4th industrial revolution has begu",HodlJamie\
"['Exadata', 'X8']","RT @OracleExadata: ICYMI: The new Oracle #Exadata Database Machine #X8 features breakthrough hardware and software enhancements, as well as",Preteco\
[],Oracle Finance Functional Consultant - Flexible Location - Upto 50K https://t.co/nNTA6yWLcK,UKOracleJobs\
[],"@madewka @Logo_Daedalus @Roteberht @PaulSkallas This one is a legitimately great idea if done properly, can also be done with an oracle/sage",LandsharkRides\
[],Awww remember when love was in the air for The Oracle and Lesley?!! Little did he know that she really was quite li https://t.co/f5B0GLmSW2,KerryTaylor75\
[],RT @godardabel: Oracle Does OK - Surprised? | E-Commerce Times | compelling insights from @DenisPombriant based on @G2dotcom customer s,AlexShapiroPR\
[],"RT @krmarko: @simoncrosby @holgermu I like this take.   ""Oracle is not a company good at creating innovative tech, but it is a genius at ma",simoncrosby\
[],Cheltenham motor club says goodbye to @PadstowBrewing PA but hello to @SalopianBrewery oracle,neilcmc\
[],"""According to a global survey by technology company Oracle, while 33% of consumers said that robots being used to s https://t.co/XBsQTXdV04",HotelierME\
"['CheltBeer', 'CMC']",Oracle by Salopian is at Cheltenham Motor Club https://t.co/PTp9hcDWd7 #CheltBeer #CMC .@CheltCMC,neilcmc\
[],RT @_KarateChris: Lol I dont think we discuss enough how sad Oracle went out ,iMightBeNini\
[],"@JohnMartinIT @kevinclosson Working set was ~1TB and SGA is Oracle default. (its all in our Oracle paper). BTW, th https://t.co/HnNaqBnsY3",andreleibovici\
"['JoinUs', 'SequoiaConnect', 'Job', 'JobHunts']",RT @SequoiaConnect: Oracle Transactional Business Intelligence Consultant. Join Us! Global Company. #JoinUs #SequoiaConnect #Job #JobHunts,chavero81\
[],pls don't let this flop i really need income uwu &lt;3 https://t.co/x6HAjlj7ZN,sapphosstars\
[],"RT @roanbrasil: Hi guys, a friend of mine was approved to be a speaker at Oracle Code One in SFO. He used to work in a farm cutting cane an",loiane\
[],Sheriff's Office says it has photos of Masai Ujiri striking deputy at Oracle Arena: https://t.co/tPlamhpNGb via https://t.co/dDN8YTUPRe,jremi149\
"['emeapartners', 'FY20PKO']",RT @MichelMariet: A big advice to #emeapartners from the #FY20PKO Get certified : Your investment pays ! Customers need @oraclepartners adv,JPMichenaud\
[],1) 100% on brand and in character for @Oracle to do this kind of crap.  2) Bummer that @forbes folded up like wet t https://t.co/QMYrI2yW2D,fdmts\
[],Steph lost his last 5 Finals games at Oracle without KD.,Jason_Timpf\
[],"RT @Dallas_Hiring: Technology Lead  US: Role Technology Lead  US Auto req ID 29982BR Domain Banking Skillset Database , Java EE , Design",DIGITALDECODED1\
[],"RT @architectsunepa: @AbdulMahmud01 @akaebube Am honoured the great Oracle. On this street, knowledge is just on a screen and a touchpad wi",olumideAyO51\
['startups'],RT @StartupGrind: Our partner Oracle is helping #startups scale - no matter where they are or what they build. Find out why global founders,ronan_donnelly1\
[],"RT @LunchTicket1: 2019's Antioch-Frontier Fellowship's winner Cassie Garison's piece ""Prophecy From the Oracle of Self-Harm"" appears on @Fr",antiochmfa\
[],RT @KerryTaylor75: Awww remember when love was in the air for The Oracle and Lesley?!! Little did he know that she really was quite literal,joyce_staines\
[],@Badass_pmf @NanaQwofy Omehn dis 1 na oracle ooo..  Even the gods ll yell Jesussss,psalmyblinks\
"['change', 'focus', 'yourself', 'situation', 'goodfriend']",RT @FreyaIngva: You are looking for #change: you will want to #focus on bettering #yourself or your #situation. A #goodfriend can actually,FreyaIngva\
[],@fightoracle Fight Oracle why did he left? He was their biggest star and  could produce shows that few people can. https://t.co/4uJ9mac1bY,Jarrks\
[],"A most worthy oracle deck to support by an incredibly talented mystic mamma, artist, world bridger, heart goddess, https://t.co/b3a7SvuAMY",mysticspiritart\
[],"RT @sapphosstars: ive been kicked out for a week now and i have $0, i need income but its difficult as i dont have the things i need to ma",cosmicindigo_\
"['bigdata', 'blockchain']",The latest Oracle Fusion Security Newsletter! https://t.co/aXwlOnFI1v Thanks to @apievangelist @balbixinc #bigdata #blockchain,peter230769\
[],@BASportsGuy Hey..it looks like Fitz will get his wish about triples alley....Changes coming at Oracle..,Bobalouga\
[],New York: Oracle Corp $ORCL Stock Has Just Had Its Hold Rating Reiterated by RBC Capital. Shares now Have a $59 Tar https://t.co/PfiKzWbOYQ,HeadlinesFin\
['chainlink'],"RT @chainlinkmarket: Is #chainlink getting added to @ORCLBlockchain?  ""How startups can sell their services to smart contracts, and walk th",EEMCR7\
[],Well deserved,connor_mc_d\
[],Games I want right now: -Pokemon Silver -Harvest Moon GBC -Oracle of Seasons,perilouspage\
"['Cloud', 'thecloud']",RT @CloudOnboard: Oracle reports sales growth as cloud transition continues https://t.co/TSMOqIQVyw via @businesstechSA #Cloud #thecloud #c,CloudOnboard\
"['Exadata', 'X8']","RT @OracleExadata: ICYMI: The new Oracle #Exadata Database Machine #X8 features breakthrough hardware and software enhancements, as well as",SteveZivanic\
[],"Urgently required Oracle DBA -  June 24, 201...",dubaijobsdotae\
[],RT @laylology: the oracle at delphi made a career out of being violently high and mysterious and i would like the same for myself,GoldbergHawn\
['Exadata'],RT @OracleExadata:  Significantly increase storage density  Security-related enhancements to the processor  Expansion of #Exadatas f,SteveZivanic\
"['utility', 'customer', 'Customer', 'Cloud']",RT @oracleutilities: Keep your #utilitys voice  in sync on every #customer channel  with @OracleUtilities #Customer #Cloud Servi,Lexiconish\
[],"RT @sapphosstars: ive been kicked out for a week now and i have $0, i need income but its difficult as i dont have the things i need to ma",peachyelyssa\
[],"Check out ORACLE Sketch Card by Korey, Imperial Guard, X-Men  https://t.co/UnpvsX5SDk via @eBay",korokstudios\
['Oracle'],"RT @OracleMobile: Exciting news for #Oracle Digital Assistant!  July 17, 10AM PDT, Catch the webcast with @suliyar discussing whats new wi",SahizpreetK\
[],@Top8Games missed art opportunity... should be Rhox Oracle tending that pizza oven.,Darzog67\
[],RT @camillosperoni: A special thank you to @avanttic who produced the  caricatures using machine learning ... in other words a smater versi,CandiceLawman8\
[],@SFGiants @TMobile Hey @SFGiants can you tell Oracle Park ballpark organist Steve Hogan that he should get Twitter https://t.co/Hee4SnI9La,MHZ916\
[],"RT @Dallas_Hiring: Technology Lead  US: Role Technology Lead  US Auto req ID 29982BR Domain Banking Skillset Database , Java EE , Design",DIGITALDECODED1\
"['TheyArentAsGood', 'FightMe']",@brian_mostrom @fedscoop @Oracle I dont a court to tell me that. #TheyArentAsGood #FightMe,marcvdc\
[],@witchashtyn im not the best reader in existence but im doing $3 2-card oracle spreads to be able to buy food,sapphosstars\
"['SwissOracleCloudCommunity', 'PrimeTower', 'Oracle', 'Azure']","#SwissOracleCloudCommunity Event @ArrowECS_CH @Oracle_CH #PrimeTower, @allvirtual presents #Oracle #Azure https://t.co/wbuOLg0wmH",KonradHaefeli\
['SanJuan'],"Interested in a job in #SanJuan, San Juan? This could be a great fit. Click the link in our bio to apply: Oracle Ne https://t.co/6z8xQeWwnE",tmj_ptr_sales\
[],Oracle Is A Marketing Company   https://t.co/1D3ijAEEed https://t.co/2ElmlXXbh1,plpdf\
[],@guanacastesurf @arlynculwick @EyeeLmao @hanni_abu @Cjfan23 @The_Blocknet Sorry my friends by chainlink is a decent https://t.co/aK5Ntk5iaX,adrien51719319\
['Chainlink'],"RT @CryptoLionel: On June 13, @Google Cloud in partnership with @Ethereum and Oracle service provider, #Chainlink, announced it was looking",lashondreamz87\
['Oracle'],"RT @OracleMobile: Exciting news for #Oracle Digital Assistant!  July 17, 10AM PDT, Catch the webcast with @suliyar discussing whats new wi",FishbowlE20\
"['oracledba', 'oracle', 'oracle12c', 'DBAGenesis']",Every Fresher Oracle DBA must know!  https://t.co/DGWTx0VGba  #oracledba #oracle #oracle12c #DBAGenesis,DbaGenesis\
[],Oracle HCM Functional Consultant - Flexible Loaction - Up to 75K https://t.co/3UlZlXsoES,UKOracleJobs\
[],"RT @thepacketrat: I like to stay fair and balanced, but I think theres one thing most of us can agree on: f*ck Oracle.    Joint Chiefs CI",jfersec\
['AI'],"RT @OracleERPCloud: Only 11% of CFOs have deployed #AI at scale...why are so many not seizing the AI opportunity? @Oracle's Matt Stirrup, s",VolkmarFoelsch\
[],"Check out my Gig on Fiverr: do queries in sql server,mysql,oracle and database design https://t.co/dtHJh9p92b",Streaming_Tech\
[],"RT @sapphosstars: ive been kicked out for a week now and i have $0, i need income but its difficult as i dont have the things i need to ma",tiarajtits888_\
[],"RT @0xMatt: This (vendors successfully suing over selections) is exactly how Gov't IT contracts end up being ""shared"" among 5 different com",SwiftOnSecurity\
[],@AbdulMahmud01 @architectsunepa following in the direction the great oracle points.,gallantcfo\
"['Oracle', 'Cloud', 'getready', 'emerging']","RT @sdiedericks: #Oracles #Cloud Centers of Excellence help you #getready for #emerging technologies and leverage InClass, Digital &amp; Peer2",JVatWorld\
[],"RT @sapphosstars: ive been kicked out for a week now and i have $0, i need income but its difficult as i dont have the things i need to ma",carmenigrace\
[],"RT @hacks4pancakes: This is a depressing look into government contract bureaucracy. Oracle looking pretty petty, here. Theres no apparent",jdanton\
[],"RT @0xMatt: This (vendors successfully suing over selections) is exactly how Gov't IT contracts end up being ""shared"" among 5 different com",CargoShortLife\
[],"RT @NewYork_HR: Technology Lead  US: Role Technology Lead  US Auto req ID 29982BR Domain Banking Skillset Database , Java EE , Design Pat",DIGITALDECODED1\
[],"RT @EngineOrg: Think of HTML, WiFI, USBs. If there is a copyright here (in Oracle v. Google), then weve got a huge problem for the future",ilusasha\
[],"RT @0xMatt: This (vendors successfully suing over selections) is exactly how Gov't IT contracts end up being ""shared"" among 5 different com",blvcklies\
[],"RT @0xMatt: This (vendors successfully suing over selections) is exactly how Gov't IT contracts end up being ""shared"" among 5 different com",whereIsTheSpai\
['chainlink'],"RT @chainlinkmarket: Is #chainlink getting added to @ORCLBlockchain?  ""How startups can sell their services to smart contracts, and walk th",Tamal31489337\
[],"RT @0xMatt: This (vendors successfully suing over selections) is exactly how Gov't IT contracts end up being ""shared"" among 5 different com",sairsyr\
[],"Who's ready to get RAD?  Oracle Rest Data Services, APEX, and Oracle Database 18c XE.  Come see my session this aft https://t.co/bDukdEQhUT",HeyAlfredoDBA\
"['AutonomousDatabase', 'CloudWars']",RT @Oracle: A look into the success and impact of the Oracle #AutonomousDatabase. Read now via #CloudWars from @bobevansIT: https://t.co/ez,AnasFathihassa2\
"['DBAs', 'UserExperience']",RT @OracleSecurity: Most #DBAs feel they are spending too much time dealing with day-to-day issues and not enough on #UserExperience and pr,AnasFathihassa2\
['OrclEPM'],Brian Casey of #OrclEPM user experience invites our users to work directly with Oracle designers and developers at https://t.co/34O4UAAbua,HyperionEPMInfo\
[],Oracle ($39.83 billion revenue in 2018) presents 'Oracle blockchain and Chainlink' at CloudEXPO https://t.co/vj0MGOm1qv,BTCMaster\
[],Hey @holgermu @danielnewmanUV @vijayasankarv @hyounpark check this out. Oracle is bringing it's 'America's Cup' way https://t.co/1VF4kkLshT,Dee_Marketing\
['Live'],"RT @misslainie: Happy Monday! How was your weekend? A little unsatisfied? Don't get down, get mystic with @ElenaSchwinn on @instagram #Live",ElenaSchwinn\
['kscope19'],Mind blown @odtug #kscope19,congdonwood\
[],@fedscoop Man Oracle sucks,Dee_Marketing\
[],"RT @hacks4pancakes: This is a depressing look into government contract bureaucracy. Oracle looking pretty petty, here. Theres no apparent",StuDuncan8\
[],"RT @HeyAlfredoDBA: Who's ready to get RAD?  Oracle Rest Data Services, APEX, and Oracle Database 18c XE.  Come see my session this afternoo",fuzziebrain\
[],"RT @sapphosstars: ive been kicked out for a week now and i have $0, i need income but its difficult as i dont have the things i need to ma",kaitlynmakesart\
['CyberAlerts'],"RT @cybercentre_ca: #CyberAlerts | Multiple Security Advisories: Oracle, Mozilla, Cisco  The Cyber Centre encourages users and administrato",papervote\
[],RT @haroldsmith3rd: @hacks4pancakes Ive been following like a hawk. The background is crazy. Oracle (supposedly) hired PIs to follow AWS,StuDuncan8\
[],RT @ChainlinkBull: @1_LOW_0219 @Blockstream @CryptoGarageInc What oracle is used?,finrekt\
[],"@adam3us How do I make such a proposition? I'm still working on the oracle problem, namely miners just haywiring th https://t.co/uYPx5haZc9",LiamLightmare\
[],Latin American Banks Are Reportdly Exploring Ripples Cross-Border Payments Tech | Oracle Times $XRP  https://t.co/qYxPFYQBZR,OneHanSolo\
[],"Global Medical Device Vigilance And Patient Safety Software Market, Top key players are AB-Cube (France), AssurX, I https://t.co/JP3r2QPVma",IndustryToday\
[],"RT @0xMatt: This (vendors successfully suing over selections) is exactly how Gov't IT contracts end up being ""shared"" among 5 different com",JakeNelsonMN\
[],My face when I see Oracle vs Microsoft vs Amazon drama. https://t.co/jyPaup3U6F,sairsyr\
[],"RT @Wipro: Modernize the core and drive business change with us, leader in the IDC MarketScape: Worldwide for Oracle Implementation Service",deryakilic68\
[],"Oracle Corp $ORCL: Raymond James Reconfirms Buy Rating Today, Has a Target of $61/Share https://t.co/eau28iXIFX",HeadlinesFin\
[],"RT @hacks4pancakes: This is a depressing look into government contract bureaucracy. Oracle looking pretty petty, here. Theres no apparent",mac_Roich\
"['audit', 'AUDT', 'IEO', 'assurance', 'SAP', 'Oracle', 'NetSuite']",RT @Auditchain: @NatsoftCorp joins @DCARPEAlliance #audit #AUDT #IEO #assurance #SAP #Oracle #NetSuite https://t.co/JIGocvXi9k,BuyerGV\
[],i should definitely do an auxy cover of oracle of seasons/ages overworld bc thats my Fav hyrule overworld theme,hannibinch\
[],RT @FederalNewsNet: The government and Amazon Web Services laid out arguments last week for why a federal court should reject a bid protest,SPCConsulting\
[],Would you all like if I posted my daily oracle card readings on here?,peachymisanwoo\
[],RT @OneHanSolo: Latin American Banks Are Reportdly Exploring Ripples Cross-Border Payments Tech | Oracle Times $XRP  https://t.co/qYxPF,yahsohn\
['chainlink'],"RT @chainlinkmarket: Is #chainlink getting added to @ORCLBlockchain?  ""How startups can sell their services to smart contracts, and walk th",ShadowAltCoin\
[],Lol dang its like that wow,_KarateChris\
[],RT @Jason_Timpf: Steph lost his last 5 Finals games at Oracle without KD. https://t.co/pe2UiHXRUT,_KarateChris\
[],"RT @cythera: Today has been an awesome bday!! My bf got me a new oracle deck, so Ill be doing free one card pulls for quick words of affir",mehliikaaa\
[],"RT @ASmallFiction: ""How can I be remembered?"" he said.  ""Be difficult to forget,"" the Oracle said.  ""How? Do I create art? Be famous? Be po",miri_badjackson\
"['EPM', 'kscope19', 'claritykscope']",Yesterdays #EPM Symposium wrap-up with @Oracle Senior VP Matt Bradley. #kscope19 #claritykscope https://t.co/7N2HS6xgWT,ClarityPartners\
[],@xrpforlife @ujjwal50 @SatoshiFlipper @hyper_cubist @chainlink It's possible there will be an announcement and/or s https://t.co/cJyRWOlB4B,IS300F1184\
[],"RT @0xMatt: This (vendors successfully suing over selections) is exactly how Gov't IT contracts end up being ""shared"" among 5 different com",mac_Roich\
[],i dont wanna drive to oracle right now ,nicollette_4L\
[],@warriorsworld @MGRADS Grads ducked me at oracle.  We're currently on the outs,samesfandiari\
['PrideMonth'],"RT @Oracle: In honor of #PrideMonth, were celebrating at Oracle HQ today! Were proud of our diverse and inclusive workforce. #NewProfileP",jlvicentem\
"['Kscope19', 'orclapex']",RT @lucdemanche: Congrats to @fuzziebrain for his promotion to Oracle ACE ! #Kscope19 #orclapex https://t.co/yWZCyPvBh2,orclapexworld\
"['orclapex', 'Kscope19']",RT @RoelH: Extremely honored to be promoted to Oracle Groundbreaker Ambassador ! @groundbreakers @oracleace @odtug #orclapex #Kscope19,orclapexworld\
[],"RT @oracleugs: Check out this review ""APEX? Live happy, deploy happy!"" of Oracle APEX https://t.co/bP3n2pwUNf @TrustRadius @OracleAPEX #Or",orclapexworld\
[],"RT @HeyAlfredoDBA: Who's ready to get RAD?  Oracle Rest Data Services, APEX, and Oracle Database 18c XE.  Come see my session this afternoo",orclapexworld\
[],@Delphi_Digital @raiden_network @ConnextNetwork @poanetwork @loomnetwork @maticnetwork Is there any mention of Chai https://t.co/5vsWVwICIB,wookycrypto\
[],"RT @0xMatt: This (vendors successfully suing over selections) is exactly how Gov't IT contracts end up being ""shared"" among 5 different com",LigerRed\
[],"RT @sladkow: About to drive by Oracle Arena, home of the NBA Champion Toronto Raptors",jaasminandrade\
[],"@hacks4pancakes If Oracle is smart (mostly never), they should back off from the lawsuit and use heir new partnersh https://t.co/Hb6wNzGXmx",hammerstyle\
[],RT @GidiOracle: Not your average igbo Oracle  https://t.co/E7oAYYyyJk,_olowoayo\
[],@Delphi_Digital @raiden_network @ConnextNetwork @poanetwork @loomnetwork @maticnetwork Is there any mention of Chai https://t.co/PaOg55hkOe,wookycrypto\
[],"@EWErickson The executive branch isnt responsible for DHS, ICE, CBP, etc.? Then, dear oracle of Atlanta, explain t https://t.co/uXCXaccnj2",BarryLBergman1\
[],@AMADICHIMA @AbdulMahmud01 I thought Mazi said that the Oracle recommended further rest.,Enya_DJ\
[],RT @AbdulMahmud01: Glad my bro and comrade @AMADICHIMA is back. Just back to show face until the gods say Oya! When we spoke early hours of,OluAkinniyi\
"['innovation', 'disruption']",RT @simonaumberta: Thanks @leosorge for this great piece on #innovation and #disruption as a method at @oracle - as explained by our VP EME,OracleItalia\
[],"RT @EyeeLmao: Frens, I wake up to see $Link very comfortably above $2 even BEFORE the big presentation today with Oracle at @CloudExpo. Wha",HodlJamie\
"['HODL', 'CHAINLINK']",RT @firstcoinclub7: More SAD  day traders today. All you had to do was #HODL for 2 years = RICH AF   #CHAINLINK solved the Decentralize,CryptoAlex420\
[],@JTHM8008 This is actually the Energy Oracle Deck,thewitchbrmclst\
[],The Matrix Revolutions - The Oracle https://t.co/0Fb0AGjg7U via @YouTube,BouBooBlue\
[],RT @triplecactus: Finally have a design I like for my oracle for Stellamore and I tried to imitate the style for them! Their name is Jekyll,sugoiishura\
[],"@Tendermartin @aoteh @AbdulMahmud01 @SylvanusDuke Sir. I have lost family, think about closest family ever. I still https://t.co/k9xasgFttZ",soul_inspiredom\
[],@Frankie_Mack Ask the oracle that is @HRWright ,assemblyug\
['startup'],Chinas Biggest Startups Ditch Oracle and IBM for Home-Made Tech - Yahoo Finance https://t.co/4AXDerhqMx #startup,egafintech\
[],"When heaven was empty, there was a thief named Theodosia. She followed a jeweled lizard. She hunted an elf and lost https://t.co/2ALRRxKkGi",Fairy_Fables\
[],RT @Advent_IM: Oracle patches WebLogic Server flaw hackers are actively exploiting in the wild https://t.co/WRH1tbLVci via @Computing_News,AStrange012\
['DUPE'],You are #DUPE.. Oracle.. God bless you.,rextonboulor\
[],Trident of the Oracle https://t.co/rT8QX8c4EP,KitKurai\
[],Using Whitelisting to Remediate an RCE Vulnerability (CVE-2019-2729) in Oracle WebLogic - https://t.co/jnOsDGINJg,juanch1t0\
"['orclapex', 'Kscope19']",RT @SQLMaria: Huge thanks to the #orclapex community at #Kscope19 for letting me crash their open mic night to announce the immediate avail,opal_EPM\
[],@UX1_Pineapple @CoverYourBrew @Timothy56306652 and what about Oracle ? https://t.co/6q2U1voCk9,lalimacegeante\
"['Azure', 'Oracle']","RT @EnsonoIT: .@Microsoft and Oracle announce a partnership between #Azure and #Oracle Cloud, enabling Oracle customers to move to a public",msdynamicsworld\
[],RT @TheLinkMarine1: Dont miss this one marines!!   ORACLE Blockchain meets @chainlink in this much anticipated talk by Fernando Ribeiro fr,HodlJamie\
['Oracle'],RT @descahill: #Oracle is investing heavily in repositioning the software vendor by creating new branding experiences for its customers htt,juliezisman\
[],"RT @VicomProServ: Echobot targets network-attached storage devices, routers, network video recorders, IP cameras &amp; phones, and presentation",vishne0\
['DUPE'],RT @rextonboulor: You are #DUPE.. Oracle.. God bless you. https://t.co/dCFUKF72Ia,NeedHelptoFlee\
"['Oracle', 'SaudiArabia', 'gay']","@OracleCloud Good idea #Oracle , to promote #SaudiArabia . Murdering #gay people, suppressing https://t.co/x7ggGiub4X",PJODUS\
[],RT @chainlinkmarket: Tomorrow https://t.co/nxK2eQneU6,KanyeNazarov\
"['chainlink', 'Oracle']","RT @firstcoinclub7: If you in Crypto and you are not watching tomorrows presentation, You are doing to WRONG #chainlink + #Oracle = $L",KanyeNazarov\
['Chainlink'],"RT @SilentWhstlBlwr: She Explains Why #Chainlink Decentralized Oracle Is So Important to Crypto's Adoption &amp; Without A Working Oracle, Outs",Rice24David\
[],"RT @theshadyexpress: If you need a living definition of abject IDIOCY, this Ugly piece of sh*t I quoted conveniently ticks all boxes  Buhar",DoDeRightThing\
['oracledatabase'],\{date\} Start and stop Oracle Dbconsole The dbconsole process https://t.co/7Bq9zMvF7W #oracledatabase,dborcloud\
[],@dieterich_mk @DemFromCT Do you think we should make Allan Lichtmann as the political Oracle of Delphi and ignore e https://t.co/HVSTQMyb4u,jgge123\
['BlockchainSummit2019'],"RT @JoeTaylor71: Join Oracle at the #BlockchainSummit2019, the leading blockchain for business event in Europe. Meet the speakers and get t",OttLegalRebels\
[],"Survive the Nazi presidency with BiTcOiN, only from Oracle.",webscale_bot\
[],"Want to land a job like ""CX/CRM Product Manager"" at Oracle? Applicant tracking systems look for specific keywords. https://t.co/snzHADIL2l",tmj_ptr_prod\
[],"After Google, ThunderCore Integrates With ChainLink, Oracle Could Be Next https://t.co/rI2yyRTiUM https://t.co/mwDl873UCJ",The_Web_Finance\
"['charitytuesday', 'easydry']",Salon Owner Oracle is out https://t.co/bslCN6WYaI #charitytuesday #easydry,ExcelExpertNR\
['chainlink'],"RT @CryptoRealist_: This ""small"" room is where #chainlink will be demoed by @Oracle in ~24h...    $LINK https://t.co/0O2FbqSk7K",BropoBro\
[],"RT @kaiynne: https://t.co/SEIiP458Ne Definitely a rough day, but I am proud of our team and community in handling this issue. No funds were",alim23\
['BlockchainSummit2019'],"RT @JoeTaylor71: Join Oracle at the #BlockchainSummit2019, the leading blockchain for business event in Europe. Meet the speakers and get t",GagneLegal\
[],"Noctis pose, Engine Blade ( i traced the whole thing cause i suck ), Trident of the Oracle and Lunas clothe ref https://t.co/yJkas0FoBC",KitKurai\
[],"@Mat1659 The other day I parked all my stuff in LINK at 1.63, ! so seems like today is gonna be a parabolic day du https://t.co/Z4XYJrzxFQ",_mxcb\
[],"I know Im not going to have any issues in terms of reliability, functionality and growth because of got the suppo https://t.co/DxniSx2oyD",OracleFoodBev\
[],"RT @OracleDevs: Announcing the immediate availability of APEX, ORDS, and SQL Dev Web on Autonomous Database Cloud!  Unparalleled functional",wrecks47\
[],"RT @NEETHacker: ""I am the Phantom Thief Alibaba, you can call me Oracle.""   Persona 5 RP   Lewd/Non-Lewd RP   Lewd RP mostly in DMs, wil",JokerSSBUP5\
[],"Using the Oracle Blockchain Platform, @Circulor1 ensures raw materials are sourced ethically and in compliance with https://t.co/BoBH4Ak7yO",ORCLBlockchain\
"['HODL', 'CHAINLINK']",RT @firstcoinclub7: More SAD  day traders today. All you had to do was #HODL for 2 years = RICH AF   #CHAINLINK solved the Decentralize,miketran07\
[],"RT @VicomProServ: Echobot targets network-attached storage devices, routers, network video recorders, IP cameras &amp; phones, and presentation",MaltrakN\
"['blog', 'Retail', 'Marketing']","In this @Oracle #blog, Rose Spicer, Global Senior Director of Oracle #Retail #Marketing shares insight on how https://t.co/egdD1NFTPg",EnigenCRM\
[],RT @CalebCurry: Developers can now build applications on Oracle Autonomous Database using APEX! This may be the best way to build fully man,wrecks47\
[],RT @jamaisvuamour: persona v3 unboxing  dont look at my roots oof (also i think im the photocard oracle) https://t.co/UvVHM44qMK,mikmikprincess\
[],"This is not an outsized round, but it's an interesting startup that is potentially going head to head with Oracle, https://t.co/luQZp97jGA",ingridlunden\
['Rockies'],"RT @PatrickDLyons: #Rockies have recorded consecutive shutouts against the Giants on the road this season (also: April 14, Mrquez shutout)",Ken_Saunders\
[],"I know Im not going to have any issues in terms of reliability, functionality and growth because of got the suppo https://t.co/fKVhDd5836",OracleFoodBev\
"['oracle', 'gambling', 'company', 'audit']",RT @postgresql_007: #oracle is more like a huge #gambling #company ... you never know when the jackpot = license #audit hits you and in the,thinkx\
[],"At Fishbowl, we apply our deep knowledge of Oracle WebCenter &amp; @PTC_Windchill to craft tightly integrated search pr https://t.co/lqZrmBH91X",FishbowlE20\
[],RT @CalebCurry: I just had a chat with a senior software dev manager at @Oracle (@msewtz)... what skills are essential to getting hired as,wrecks47\
[],"RT @CloudExpo: Oracle to Present Oracle Blockchain and Chainlink June 24-26, 2019 at CloudEXPO Silicon Valley   https://t.co/3572OumCbX  @O",miguelboom\
['AskTOM'],#AskTOM Just answered: Regarding presentations and Office hours videos https://t.co/1sXQCB1rd3,OracleAskTOM\
[],"RT @BrokenA23645123: What if... The Oracle lied to me, and there really is a Spoon...and I'm so famished because I've been using a Fork for",BrokenA23645123\
[],"RT @Kevmunn: I'm excited for Phantasma Chain main net? 22 racing series launching on PhantasmaChain, coming to Xbox, Playstation and Steam.",MinhAnh24878564\
['SaudiArabia'],.@Oracle_ME has collaborated with #SaudiArabias @OceanXksa to support startup growth. https://t.co/h3M9nMHsHF https://t.co/PKCDVJ4ocC,ITP_English\
[],"After Google, ThunderCore Integrates With ChainLink, Oracle Could Be Next via/r/technology https://t.co/u6Dfkd74Pn https://t.co/20W145RZUw",outsidetheknow\
[],Check out the revamped Oracle for Startups program!,RebeccaNilssonJ\
"['APEX', 'Autonomous']",RT @wrecks47: You don't have to be a programmer to build web apps. Try #APEX on #Autonomous Database to create beautiful and highly functio,msewtz\
['ethereum'],Ethereums Synthetic Asset lost 37 million due to Oracle Attack https://t.co/KbrLbdMFF0 #ethereum,crypto__mak\
['TarotTuesday'],#TarotTuesday Bison 35: Live with authenticity and peace. Bring the peace of ritual into your life to heal. Nourish https://t.co/kv5OYz1viR,WeiserBooks\
['DEV'],"RT @time2shineGC: #DEV @dev_clever A company like this valued at 15m, working with the likes of Oracle, Pepsi Max, high proportion of schoo",mathewthomas484\
[],Yikes,BattlinRise\
[],Proud to have become the CEO and part owner of this great new strategic foresight business. Check out the home page https://t.co/0Ic11upBlk,IankKearns\
[],@CryptoRealist_ @BropoBro @Oracle Flushhhhhhhhhhh,Cryptolord1511\
[],"Stocks to Watch: Slack, Oracle,American Outdoor Brands, and Mondelez https://t.co/mh5SdVl5vQ",FirstCallOption\
['MATIC'],RT @bitcoin_whales: BOOM! #MATIC $MATIC What did I say yesterday! Take the FUD bait &amp; regret  https://t.co/YR3wGmEJ5h,xe_vang\
"['SessionBorderController', 'omnichannel', 'CX']",See how the powerful combo of Oracle Enterprise #SessionBorderController and Genesys #omnichannel #CX will improve https://t.co/pywNcqhypC,CX_Chuck\
['MATIC'],RT @bitcoin_whales: BOOM! #MATIC $MATIC What did I say yesterday! Take the FUD bait &amp; regret  https://t.co/YR3wGmEJ5h,Heick01237\
['MATIC'],RT @bitcoin_whales: BOOM! #MATIC $MATIC What did I say yesterday! Take the FUD bait &amp; regret  https://t.co/YR3wGmEJ5h,song_dau\
[], EOSbet:  Oracle employee doing a presentation on Chainlink tomorrow just tweeted this... https://t.co/OljVF3iLTV https://t.co/mz2Xi1SrGV,CryptoTraderPro\
[],Oracle: Q3 Results Don't Adequately Reflect Potential For Cloud Growth https://t.co/sQqOHfjGcK https://t.co/JeYY2gmius,pandoraskids\
['autonomousdatabase'],Announcing the Availability of Oracle APEX on Autonomous Database Cloud! https://t.co/EhPHbP0s1R #autonomousdatabase,ontap365\
[],RT @Frank_Konkel: Pentagon CIO Dana Deasy says Tuesday morning he expects award for $10B JEDI contract in late August. Says source selectio,ThePulseGovCon\
"['ERP', 'CloudERP', 'EnSw']","RT @AppsResearch: .@Eqt, the owner of Swedish-based #ERP vendor @IFS is buying @Acumatica, a fastest-growing #CloudERP provider.  #EnSw @Da",milena_tasevska\
[],@helenolsen I see some opportunities for local software houses to be part of the solutions - unless of course the I https://t.co/Ifg2Cw2iR8,GaijinRonin3\
['MATIC'],RT @bitcoin_whales: BOOM! #MATIC $MATIC What did I say yesterday! Take the FUD bait &amp; regret  https://t.co/YR3wGmEJ5h,hoi_sinh\
[],Now Playing  The Legend of Zelda: Oracle of Seasons,digibop\
['CKERestaurants'],RT @IBM_ITServices: #CKERestaurants (Carl's Jr.) transformed their business by migrating their critical PeopleSoft and Oracle Hyperion appl,PTVandenberg\
"['ERP', 'CloudERP', 'EnSw']","RT @AppsResearch: .@Eqt, the owner of Swedish-based #ERP vendor @IFS is buying @Acumatica, a fastest-growing #CloudERP provider.  #EnSw @Da",Kimi1993Mihael\
[],"RT @Wipro: Modernize the core and drive business change with us, leader in the IDC MarketScape: Worldwide for Oracle Implementation Service",ArjunTi49782650\
['MATIC'],RT @bitcoin_whales: BOOM! #MATIC $MATIC What did I say yesterday! Take the FUD bait &amp; regret  https://t.co/YR3wGmEJ5h,yakanshijo\
['CloudERP'],RT @AppsResearch: First Take on 2018 #CloudERP Applications Market With @Oracle Leading the Pack @OracleERPCloud @NetSuite @MarkVHurd @Larr,Kimi1993Mihael\
['Oracle'],New Study: Digital Natives Value Brick and Mortar Stores More Than their Parents or Grandparents https://t.co/B8wHCIrPIu #Oracle,BTRG\
[],"RT @ingridlunden: This is not an outsized round, but it's an interesting startup that is potentially going head to head with Oracle, SAP an",MartinSFP\
['technologies'],RT @CodingRights: What if we could build #technologies around transfeminist values?  Come join us at the @disruptberlin community meetup to,ccdpoa\
[],The VIP Waitlist for my upcoming oracle deck Shine From the Inside is now live and you're invited to be the first t https://t.co/NYC71dsxq4,theworldbybrit\
[],"Oracle employee doing a presentation on Chainlink tomorrow just tweeted this... https://t.co/40pKOVQExJ June 25, 20 https://t.co/XC5967Va1e",CRYPT0STR34M\
[],"@RobDorsettSky Hi Rob, can you confirm what day it is please? I thought it was Monday but sources close to the week https://t.co/BgzPXKffyO",antro92\
[],@connor_mc_d Do you remember the first (Oracle-related) question you asked Tom?!,mortenbraten\
[],@mplcrypto You're on point  Tonight is going to be something else once the Oracle announcement is made,neobilli\
"['Oracle', 'IaaS']",#Oracle may have quietly conceded defeat in broader #IaaS market https://t.co/0MSTRxKUA5 https://t.co/wdwaBUphKi,TTintheCloud\
['MATIC'],RT @bitcoin_whales: BOOM! #MATIC $MATIC What did I say yesterday! Take the FUD bait &amp; regret  https://t.co/YR3wGmEJ5h,Zin56171566\
['MATIC'],RT @bitcoin_whales: BOOM! #MATIC $MATIC What did I say yesterday! Take the FUD bait &amp; regret  https://t.co/YR3wGmEJ5h,sarabowling10\
[],...his brother abi his Chief Oracle baba? Glad you are better. Great hearing from you again.,onyeomaawolo\
"['cybersecurity', 'cyberiv']",New Critical Oracle WebLogic Flaw Under Active Attack  Patch Now  https://t.co/8dXSBXvHPO  #cybersecurity #cyberiv,wPetersIV\
['MATIC'],RT @bitcoin_whales: BOOM! #MATIC $MATIC What did I say yesterday! Take the FUD bait &amp; regret  https://t.co/YR3wGmEJ5h,jojo7447307305\
[],"Big Data in Power Sector Market Future by Top Players: Oracle Corp., EnerNoc Inc., Siemens AG, C3, Inc., Accenture https://t.co/Rz1Eq2Frse",BenjaminDeMers\
"['Cloud', 'Oracle']",RT @Oracle_India: Is your business on the #Cloud yet? Follow us to know more about the wonders of #Oracle Cloud!,AJmershanker1\
[],@Katie_Ivory Hi Katie. We believe the best way to experience the oracle is to be shown by the experts  hairstylist https://t.co/PHQfQQd9f3,ghdHelp\
[],"Great Oracle, safe flight as you leave Ottanimmawiw tonight and to Mazi @AMADICHIMA welcome to Naija. Hope the good https://t.co/H6SkwrFL7s",Connect_40\
['Oracle'],New Study: Digital Natives Value Brick and Mortar Stores More Than their Parents or Grandparents https://t.co/atV2VzRLbC #Oracle,TD_MikeMartin\
['CloudERP'],RT @AppsResearch: First Take on 2018 #CloudERP Applications Market With @Oracle Leading the Pack @OracleERPCloud @NetSuite @MarkVHurd @Larr,alilievska\
['CloudWars'],Shakeup in the #CloudWars Top 10!   @Oracle jumps to #5 on the strength of its @Microsoft deal + customer demand fo https://t.co/ImDAcyPSXJ,bobevansIT\
"['Oracle', 'IBM']",Since 1986 #Oracle and #IBM have been providing customers with joint solutions. Read about the Journey to the Moder https://t.co/f98PEOydNe,sweven88\
[],Oracle Database 19c New Feature =&gt; Propagate Restore Points from Primary to Standby site  https://t.co/qbERGXSI5W https://t.co/5sCSvqHMmV,emre_oracle\
[],I've just posted a new blog: Warren Buffett Says This Is How You Can Instantly Spot a Great Leader https://t.co/Vbz6y5afLJ,99_website\
[],Adding ORDS to your @OracleDatabase makes many things possible...  https://t.co/Sd8JjyvraR https://t.co/KbQd9JW5ne,OracleREST\
['CRM'],Exploring #CRM Solution.Look at report below..Once again @OracleServCloud is in leadership quadrant of @Gartner_inc https://t.co/jzFIg8SUjo,santoshcpatil\
[],Good news Baba. What should we bring to appease the Great one? We need Mazi strong and healthy.,onyeomaawolo\
['Oracle'],New Study: Digital Natives Value Brick and Mortar Stores More Than their Parents or Grandparents https://t.co/ngdMnjL8Fj #Oracle,rkuzyk\
[],"RT @ingridlunden: This is not an outsized round, but it's an interesting startup that is potentially going head to head with Oracle, SAP an",erickschonfeld\
[],RT @AbdulMahmud01: Glad my bro and comrade @AMADICHIMA is back. Just back to show face until the gods say Oya! When we spoke early hours of,onyeomaawolo\
['DEV'],"RT @time2shineGC: #DEV @dev_clever A company like this valued at 15m, working with the likes of Oracle, Pepsi Max, high proportion of schoo",KhawarOzayr\
['SQL'],RT @sqldaily: How does the Oracle Database choose what histograms to create?  If you gather with AUTO it'll check your #SQL's column usage,CarlosDLG\
['Study'],"New #Study: ""Digital Natives"" Value Brick and Mortar Stores More Than their Parents or Grandparents https://t.co/HyJbr1AoFU",MirageNewsCom\
[],RT @krisrice: so nice when plans workout.  @OracleREST  in Autonomous enables rest-sql @oraclesqlcl  has rest-jdbc Things just work. https:,oraclesqlcl\
[],"RT @AbdulMahmud01: @AMADICHIMA Catch you soon. The Great Oracle will be leaving Ottanimmawiw tonight for the islet, hctiw- pronounced ctee.",kay3167\
"['TeamTier1', 'hiring', 'jobposting', 'Oracle', 'ebs', 'Developer']",A great opportunity to join #TeamTier1!   https://t.co/Pti9riVoLp #hiring #jobposting #Oracle #ebs #Developer https://t.co/PmAgkohcYJ,tier1pittsburgh\
[],".@pridemobility , the leading manufacturer of innovative personal mobility products, selects AVATA for Oracle Cloud https://t.co/cB3j03P4H5",avata\
['TopInfluence'],"IAM Platform Curated Tweet:  #TopInfluence  Web Content Management Market 2019 Advance Analysis - Oracle (US), Adob https://t.co/RVGB9Y5vFF",InfoProNetwork\
[],RT @OracleAPEX: Announcing the availability of @OracleAPEX on @Oracle Autonomous Database!  The benefits of a fully-managed autonomous data,suzystephanie\
[],"RT @BetterMade: The first known potato chip recipe, from The Cooks Oracle, published in 1817. https://t.co/3Xl9v37NWX",amelinda4ever\
[],"RT @BullishGentlem1: Going to bed now, expecting to wake up to $2.25 $LINK. Lets see what Oracle will announce. $BTC $ETH",bouboundi\
[],Location matters with NetSuite.  Know the real-time location of your sales and mobile workforce; know where your as https://t.co/JTAf3gaXx9,yourdatasmarter\
[],Ripples XRP Is Set To Cross $4 Soon  Tech Indicators Reveal A Parabolic Bull Run | Oracle Times https://t.co/N0pUXURW6V,XRP_Investor\
[],"Pats @Fairy_Histoire's head and presents coffee  ""Good morning, my oracle!""",TimidFencer\
[],Mastering Blockchain  GET THIS BOOK  Author:Imran Bashir  Published in:Oracle Press/McGraw-Hill Education  ISBN: https://t.co/FxVa55ryY0,kprabhat010\
[],@RealLexiLu your oracle card description said that,yoginipriestess\
[],@TheEncrypt @wcnc @RachelRollar I see you are a DBA.  I learned how to be an Oracle DBA in the Air Force.  When I g https://t.co/2UqUnyHoRb,JayMack71988701\
['Cybersecurity'],Oracle Attack Sees Synthetix Token Reserves Get Inflated by Over 37 Million Due to Faulty Bot https://t.co/aDsa6XRCqz #Cybersecurity,crypto__mak\
[],@HorseHead4444 @Oracle Lol.  Markets will always operate that way.    This is real integration.  No longer speculat https://t.co/7Xc2MdUJ5H,AlexSau37473923\
[],Location matters with NetSuite.  Know the real-time location of your sales and mobile workforce; know where your as https://t.co/J7BRk6MGau,yourdatasmarter\
[],RT @Warepamorsammy: E no dey pass you oracle na the kind mumu things wey you dey like post be this. You are part of those that gave courage,bl_airee\
[],RT @Iamalinkmachine: MY PAIN CAN BE YOUR GAIN. I BOUGHT $ETH AT 17 SOLD AT 21 WATCHED IT GO TO 1400 IN 18 MONTHS. NEVER AGAIN. $LINK IS MY,HodlJamie\
[],RT @Warepamorsammy: E no dey pass you oracle na the kind mumu things wey you dey like post be this. You are part of those that gave courage,Teggiebear\
[],RT @Guy_A_Rub: It's been more than 20 years since we had a core copyrightability case (Star Athletica v. Varsity Brands is different) befor,swansonerik\
[],Oracle Attack Sees Synthetix Token Reserves Get Inflated by Over 37 Million Due to Faulty Bot https://t.co/a0C9djjUUj,bitcoinsguide\
[],"Hey, check this out: [Ethereum-Based Synthetic Asset Platform Loses Over 37M Tokens in Oracle Attack] (via Quarry a https://t.co/gpGU4DK9Pz",jefryfam\
[],Oracle Database 19c New Feature =&gt; Propagate Restore Points from Primary to Standby site  https://t.co/qbERGXSI5W https://t.co/P4x7xKBDJu,emre_oracle\
[],@HorseHead4444 @Oracle Or the fact that Chainlink is offered on AWS via @Kaleido_io,AlexSau37473923\
[],RT @FranckPachot: Oracle/Hibernate de-queuing or how to use SELECT FOR UPDATE SKIP LOCKED without any ROWNUM or FETCH FIRST ROWS in order,hypersistence\
"['orclapex', 'Kscope19']",RT @SQLMaria: Huge thanks to the #orclapex community at #Kscope19 for letting me crash their open mic night to announce the immediate avail,patch72\
[],When is an EPM Cloud Suite Like a Sports Car?  https://t.co/rd4RSqkeJW via @OracleERPCloud,DiSeghposs\
[],"Global SaaS-based Business Intelligence (BI) Market 2019 IBM Corp., Microstrategy Inc., Oracle ... https://t.co/tZh4ARGE3X",softwarelawyer\
[],RT @DavidDark: Chance wrote a song about his world and ours the day after 45 called for violence against Americans who choose to kneel duri,DigzaNtshangase\
[],@HorseHead4444 @Oracle @Kaleido_io She is the blockchain architecture lead at @awscloud,AlexSau37473923\
[],T-there is no divine oracle in the Dark Sun God's scripture about going shopping in the mortal plane...,HolyDarkGod\
[],"RT @paras_lehana: @fribeiro1 @CloudExpo @ORCLBlockchain @chainlink @OracleStartup $LINK marines, here's the countdown for the Launch:  http",followmeornot1\
['x8'],Oracle Exadata And The Powerful Persistence of SQL https://t.co/paPDuPdq5U Headline News: @oracle #x8,BenGreenbergNYC\
[],Last chance to register for tomorrow's webinar! Don't miss it: https://t.co/ZgE4Rb5rvb  Find out what Oracles new https://t.co/pJG2awV4Gd,dsp_uk\
[],RT @noctisismyking: When the Ep Ardyn playlist transitions from Prayer Of The Oracle to Conditioned To Hate https://t.co/NageSQ20hg,pkwehs\
[],"The @FortuneTech Data Sheet today examines how Amazon's surprise makeup move smudged Revlon, Sally Beauty and other https://t.co/oWpPSGYER7",ampressman\
[],Using Whitelisting to Remediate an RCE Vulnerability (CVE-2019-2729) in Oracle WebLogic https://t.co/pRcRY8bLeN,LadyBug_IT\
[],Oracle collaborates with Saudi Arabia's OceanX to support startup growth  https://t.co/elFxFzMchH,_AlbertJeremia\
[],"@bridgecrewdave @ViolenceSexy @carolynmichelle 1.""You think that your silence on certain topics, perhaps in the fac https://t.co/yVJDeZ5Iv3",Krantzstone\
[],For context https://t.co/2kwTRdKpaO,charles_duan\
"['oracle', 'plsql']",Oracle Introduction to PL/SQL Training with DP3AKKB Provinsi Banten | https://t.co/Ag7UxJJyYH #oracle #plsql https://t.co/EAwmYq3pSf,nativeent\
[],@HorseHead4444 @Oracle Or maybe the overwhelming support from Tim Gonser (founder of Docusign) will help convince a https://t.co/Jns8pJMzgB,AlexSau37473923\
[],"Hey, check this out: [Ethereum-Based Synthetic Asset Platform Loses Over 37M Tokens in Oracle Attack] (via Quarry a https://t.co/gbroacAJMN",edgar_rifer\
[],"I know it was a big night, but don't dawdle from breakfast - some of today's sessions start just before 9am ",swesley_perth\
"['TakeBackControl', 'Oracle']",Palisade CEO @CraigGuarente has two sessions on today at 10:30am and 1:30pm. #TakeBackControl of #Oracle.,PalisadeAudit\
[],Using Whitelisting to Remediate an RCE Vulnerability (CVE-2019-2729) in Oracle WebLogic - TrendLabs Security Intell https://t.co/PrBVnCKjoy,ohhara_shiojiri\
[],Ethereums Synthetic Asset lost 37 million due to Oracle Attack via /r/ethereum https://t.co/EwlVCJ7BU6 hot  in https://t.co/rlmoK7NwBC,DomainAddress4u\
['Rockies'],"RT @PatrickDLyons: #Rockies have recorded consecutive shutouts against the Giants on the road this season (also: April 14, Mrquez shutout)",BHGodlyGovt\
"['orclapex', 'Kscope19']",RT @SQLMaria: Huge thanks to the #orclapex community at #Kscope19 for letting me crash their open mic night to announce the immediate avail,orclapexworld\
[],What an awesome article by Book City Roanoke on Oracle Books in Downtown Wytheville!! If you haven't followed them https://t.co/BaJt2HBbCc,DownWytheIt\
[],RT @AbdulMahmud01: Glad my bro and comrade @AMADICHIMA is back. Just back to show face until the gods say Oya! When we spoke early hours of,SavvyRinu\
['MATIC'],RT @bitcoin_whales: BOOM! #MATIC $MATIC What did I say yesterday! Take the FUD bait &amp; regret  https://t.co/YR3wGmEJ5h,SongBuong\
"['British', 'UK', 'economy']",Failure to innovate by large #British businesses is costing the #UK #economy more than 100bn and causing more inco https://t.co/up0JBYGb43,Harr_ethan\
[],RT @LicenseFortress: Confused on where to start with determining your software audit risk?  Our License Health Check is a great way to get,median_red\
['CloudERP'],RT @AppsResearch: First Take on 2018 #CloudERP Applications Market With @Oracle Leading the Pack @OracleERPCloud @NetSuite @MarkVHurd @Larr,MishoMarkovski\
"['TakeBackControl', 'Oracle']",Palisade CEO @CraigGuarente has two sessions today at 10:30am and 1:30pm. #TakeBackControl of #Oracle.,PalisadeAudit\
[],"Win tickets for Pixar Day: Woody Bobblehead   Toy Story 3 Screening at Oracle Park, June 30, 2019 with DoTheBay https://t.co/VRtfbNM6cx",floofnstoof\
[],"@OracleStartup @Forbes So virtual assistance to many more startups, more nascent Oracle cloud customers, will be in https://t.co/TJ57JGh8kA",JoanDWinston1\
['tarot'],My oracle deck has been selected as @thegamecrafter deal of the day! 30% discount https://t.co/D9B6ifQfdU #tarot,ThisIsKatCrow\
"['Oracle', 'EBS', 'ERP', 'CRM']","#Oracle #EBS is a pioneer product among business suites that includes #ERP, #CRM and SCM. Work with the experts at https://t.co/JaanJDNI2v",Aarav_Solutions\
[],"RT @chainlinkmarket: Tomorrow, do not miss Oracle present API Monetization with Smart Contracts with Chainlink!  @oracle @ORCLBlockchain @C",DogYearCrypto\
[],@acharya2 @dopamine_surge Oracle: There is no spoon.  @acharya2 : There is no mud. https://t.co/KtatFYcIc9,dabbanannmaga\
[],"RT @MadMoneyOnCNBC: ""We have a much more modern data platform,"" @MongoDB CEO broke down  several factors that give the company a competitiv",tomalexmcmahon\
[],"""Take out your phone and google how many a provider of your choice has.""  Oracle Cloud's page on AZs and Regions pr https://t.co/nciqBHqdt4",QuinnyPig\
"['orclapex', 'Kscope19']",RT @SQLMaria: Huge thanks to the #orclapex community at #Kscope19 for letting me crash their open mic night to announce the immediate avail,bhavindave\
"['webinar', 'OracleForms']",Starting soon! Our #webinar today will discuss the future possibilities of #OracleForms and what to expect with Rel https://t.co/CjugYuZx5V,PITSSAmerica\
[],@itzbasito When you vex d oracle himself,i_am_belafeid\
[],"https://t.co/MDUu3GGO2g  A new fortune telling work. Short, but novel. Big thanks to @SandraKGlenn for the image re https://t.co/JEeLUmojU6",Styx666Official\
['CloudERP'],RT @AppsResearch: First Take on 2018 #CloudERP Applications Market With @Oracle Leading the Pack @OracleERPCloud @NetSuite @MarkVHurd @Larr,NZafirovska\
"['ERP', 'CloudERP', 'EnSw']","RT @AppsResearch: .@Eqt, the owner of Swedish-based #ERP vendor @IFS is buying @Acumatica, a fastest-growing #CloudERP provider.  #EnSw @Da",NZafirovska\
[],"RT @QuinnyPig: ""Take out your phone and google how many a provider of your choice has.""  Oracle Cloud's page on AZs and Regions promptly fa",marknca\
['June25'],# #June25 @ Oracle Arena https://t.co/pwVKqrUeFJ,ShanetriaF\
[],Check out more details on this here https://t.co/WYfJQ9zD3U,swesley_perth\
[],RT @AbdulMahmud01: Glad my bro and comrade @AMADICHIMA is back. Just back to show face until the gods say Oya! When we spoke early hours of,Akugbanche_D\
['GroundbreakerAward'],"RT @OracleDevs: Meet @carladebona, recipient of the 2019 #GroundbreakerAward presented by @Oracle. As cofounder of @ReprogramaBr, a women's",OracleLinux\
[],"RT @QuinnyPig: ""Take out your phone and google how many a provider of your choice has.""  Oracle Cloud's page on AZs and Regions promptly fa",iogi\
[],"RT @ampressman: The @FortuneTech Data Sheet today examines how Amazon's surprise makeup move smudged Revlon, Sally Beauty and other stocks",scottdecarlo1\
['OASummit'],RT @ElffarAnalytics: Well have to wait for the #OASummit announcement later today but it seems that Oracle Analytics Server may be more th,Bec_Wagner\
['kscope19'],"Where you at the #kscope19 community event last night, and want to know more about what I demonstrated? It's all na https://t.co/rVIrxRY382",swesley_perth\
[],"RT @ingridlunden: This is not an outsized round, but it's an interesting startup that is potentially going head to head with Oracle, SAP an",TechmemeChatter\
[],"@PixelJanosz @BigSaltyBoi I mean, if I were a woman and wanted to be compared to someone looks-wise, Oracle's not a bad choice lol.",PerfectHarb\
[],RT @technodechina: Briefing: China tech startups choosing homegrown software over Oracle and IBM https://t.co/rxS6IPlAdJ,Billaut\
[],RT @EyeeLmao: Day 4 @brian_armstrong @coinbase what a day it would be to add $Link considering the price just hit an all time high and the,Leetcoders\
[],Microsoft and Oracle join forces to offer inter-cloud connectivity - pair will provide direct connections between t https://t.co/VwsGw6JXlO,biteitmarketing\
[],"@CamiRusso @TheStalwart Thx. As per CF's white paper, it looks like loans made to generate lottery winnings are col https://t.co/RcUVuWvG0t",kl3dger\
[],"After collecting a lot of @Devoxx sweaters, apparently Im now collecting @Oracle jackets!  Proud to be part of https://t.co/9chUONge75",royvanrijn\
"['Tara', 'Content', 'Creative', 'Oracle']","If you've missed listening to the journey of #Tara DeZao, Director of #Content and #Creative Services for #Oracle D https://t.co/l2ir7BqfQl",ExpressKCS\
[],"After collecting a lot of @Devoxx sweaters, apparently Im now collecting @Oracle jackets!  Proud to be part of https://t.co/I3XsDtuBcJ",royvanrijn\
[],Starting soon! Our webinar tomorrow will discuss the future possibilities of Oracle Forms and what to expect with R https://t.co/qR1jvPgOB7,PITSSAmerica\
[],"For years, companies like Oracle and International Business Machines invested heavily to build new markets in China https://t.co/tbj5duudQt",AboveTEK\
[],RT @TheLinkMarine1: Dont miss this one marines!!   ORACLE Blockchain meets @chainlink in this much anticipated talk by Fernando Ribeiro fr,zomeren_jw\
['webinar'],RT @AppsAssociates: ATTN Next month on 7/25 we will be hosting a #webinar to discuss the top 10 reasons why you should consider moving to,cjroddy\
['oracle'],RT @orana: EXPAND_SQL_TEXT  Much More Than Just Expanding Views https://t.co/LOBDke6pGi #oracle,vaebn\
[],@connor_mc_d The God Tom Kyte ! Just his book Effective Oracle By Design is all you need .. Bible for Oracle,JalpanPota\
[],"RT @CryptoRealist_: @oracle (Oracle corp.) registered 6 days ago the domian https://t.co/QeUoGXKP7l  Just sayin'  Today in @CloudExpo , 2 o",zomeren_jw\
[],Oracle Developers: Using APEX_Workspace_Activity_log. | Scott Wesley https://t.co/tEgsCEZYyn,DeveloperWebTV\
[],Oracle Developers: Governance in Developing Digital Assistants | Debra Lilley https://t.co/WIh0KqkbzX,DeveloperWebTV\
[],"@EritMorsEius ""And well, we can't have that, can we? No oracle has ever practiced their craft without an air of mystique, I suppose.""",Graecula\
"['Tara', 'Content', 'Creative', 'Oracle']","If you've missed listening to the journey of #Tara DeZao, Director of #Content and #Creative Services for #Oracle D https://t.co/CSkLrI3nLM",ExpressKCS\
[],"RT @warriors: The biggest advantage is being at Oracle Arena one more time where our fans can really get behind us.  Everything we got, #",slimhackett\
[],"RT @SportsCenter:  win the next game, go back to Toronto, win Game 5, come back to Oracle, win Game 6 and then celebrate. Fun times ahead",slimhackett\
"['orclapex', 'Kscope19']",RT @SQLMaria: Huge thanks to the #orclapex community at #Kscope19 for letting me crash their open mic night to announce the immediate avail,sspendol\
['KSCOPE19'],Im awake early at #KSCOPE19... why??? To talk to you about Python (without my python) in the orange room with oran https://t.co/uOcsBuIdV0,sharpDBA\
"['HODL', 'CHAINLINK']",RT @firstcoinclub7: More SAD  day traders today. All you had to do was #HODL for 2 years = RICH AF   #CHAINLINK solved the Decentralize,urketripke\
"['Tara', 'Content', 'Creative', 'Oracle']","If you've missed listening to the journey of #Tara DeZao, Director of #Content and #Creative Services for #Oracle D https://t.co/J4lPQvgpvZ",HelloMediaferry\
"['webinar', 'OracleForms']",Starting soon! Our #webinar tomorrow will discuss the future possibilities of #OracleForms and what to expect with https://t.co/y1c0C4dCfd,PITSSAmerica\
[],RT @emre_oracle: Oracle Database 19c New Feature =&gt; Propagate Restore Points from Primary to Standby site  https://t.co/qbERGXSI5W  @Franck,mariam_kupa\
"['orclapex', 'Kscope19']",RT @SQLMaria: Huge thanks to the #orclapex community at #Kscope19 for letting me crash their open mic night to announce the immediate avail,rimblas\
[],RT @AbdulMahmud01: Glad my bro and comrade @AMADICHIMA is back. Just back to show face until the gods say Oya! When we spoke early hours of,EOlanshile\
[],"After Google, ThunderCore Integrates With ChainLink, Oracle Could Be Next https://t.co/6AzZZFviWG",TechNews24x\
"['oracle', 'oracleanalytics', 'OAC', 'OASummit']",RT @BenjaminArnulf: New Oracle Analytics website!!!  Check it now: https://t.co/W6skFeIpSG  #oracle #oracleanalytics #OAC #OASummit @Oracle,richardmclayton\
[],RT @TheLinkMarine1: Dont miss this one marines!!   ORACLE Blockchain meets @chainlink in this much anticipated talk by Fernando Ribeiro fr,CryptoAlex420\
[],RT @BRTcrpt: Ripples XRP Is Set To Cross $4 Soon  Tech Indicators Reveal A Parabolic Bull Run | Oracle Times https://t.co/UUctdHw8xg,lewinni\
[],@CryptoSkeleton @FlannelHandler @TheLetterE_ @7777LINK7777 Your timing would be impeccable lol. IMO the market is g https://t.co/pkaQMFtbLi,prophitprophet\
[],"@Kudos_Legend @pattyamaka_ Who are you please? Leave it for us, our face be like oracle.",MedicalGod_\
[],. @NovaPraxis  Oracle Hyperion EPM 11.2. Novedades y estrategia Application Unlimited  https://t.co/cibcIwYElL https://t.co/paLuzM8bw7,ProfessionalNe\
['IsARipOff'],Buying any other book than JULIUS HENRY'S ORACLE  #IsARipOff 2.99 @ Amazon https://t.co/Hldu9xiYSJ https://t.co/n31uxn83Q0,Bullshotinbutt\
[],RT @OracleREST: Adding ORDS to your @OracleDatabase makes many things possible...  https://t.co/Sd8JjyvraR https://t.co/KbQd9JW5ne,jmjcloud\
"['NYC', 'Netsuite']",#NYC happy hour at the Women in Leadership event with Oracle and #Netsuite. Thanks for providing a platform for wom https://t.co/gJSWjlrV5o,RCSProServices\
[],RT @RevVesta: Nature Spirits Oracle now available for Sale ....  https://t.co/LpPMk6TMAt   tarot https://t.co/sUBJNvepw8,crystal_shakti\
[],"Psssst, tell me your favourite oracle cards? I dont know what ones I should get. ",lithiumlicks\
"['SouthernTech', 'Oracle', 'Technology']",RT @UKOUG: There's only ONE WEEK left to register for UKOUG #SouthernTech - get up to date on everything #Oracle #Technology on 2 July at t,JLOracle\
[],RT @RevVesta: V.A. Oracle Deck now available for sale.  https://t.co/LpPMk6TMAt tarot https://t.co/p7To9P7yCz,crystal_shakti\
[],...not Schnapps?? Abomination!,onyeomaawolo\
"['Project', 'custom', 'ORACLE', 'cards']",Have not been posting lately because of a Big #Project I have making #custom #ORACLE #cards for a client! 30 more t https://t.co/laLyXevAvq,RudeEyeLand\
[],Good morning! Im at the OVO Athletic Centre where Raptors President Masai Ujiri will be holding his season ending https://t.co/6cO1OU9iyd,Momin680NEWS\
"['spon', 'CloudNative']",High-Performance Computing on a Cloud Native Stack https://t.co/4b6iD7xO9F @Oracle #spon #CloudNative,thenewstack\
"['hiring', 'jobs', 'StLouis', 'IT', 'Technology']","We are #hiring CPQ Business Analyst (Oracle) [19-00390] in St. Louis, MO https://t.co/vGudZBgRbd #jobs #StLouis #IT #Technology",ATSolutionsInc\
['securityclearance'],Cleared Jobs OH | Oracle RICEW Developer https://t.co/DEkM229VWj #securityclearance https://t.co/HU0B0T597N,ClearedJobsOH\
[],RT @Momin680NEWS: Good morning! Im at the OVO Athletic Centre where Raptors President Masai Ujiri will be holding his season ending news c,vbhatt08\
[],RT @AbdulMahmud01: Glad my bro and comrade @AMADICHIMA is back. Just back to show face until the gods say Oya! When we spoke early hours of,Xtasy_King\
[],On a budget but want a reading? This is the perfect selection for you!  Receive clarification on a topic with an a https://t.co/dIhVQno76t,hibiscusunshine\
[],Why would you call BODS resource and ask oracle question even though I mentioned specifically that I don't know any https://t.co/zeKqMwemDa,MolotovBangtan\
['OASummit'],RT @ElffarAnalytics: Well have to wait for the #OASummit announcement later today but it seems that Oracle Analytics Server may be more th,Nephentur\
['Cloud'],RT @ElffarAnalytics: OBIEE has been rebranded as Oracle Analytics Server to tie in with the other @OracleAnalytics #Cloud offerings. https:,Nephentur\
[],we did this high quality fine art digital print:  https://t.co/dlApjbc059 https://t.co/KQW7Z8dhnD,xcabal_\
[],RT @Momin680NEWS: Good morning! Im at the OVO Athletic Centre where Raptors President Masai Ujiri will be holding his season ending news c,JessicaMagnum\
[],Using Whitelisting to Remediate an RCE Vulnerability (CVE-2019-2729) in Oracle WebLogic: https://t.co/cX6ylS2HnP https://t.co/u63udB4P3Y,KeoXes\
[],Soul Whisperer - Oracle Blessing - Kurma https://t.co/n9WLb6Si8M via @YouTube,onhighseer\
"['toofast', 'DB2']",#toofast only #DB2 not Oracle yet,laurentsch\
[],@kaiynne Wow good on the trader for agreeing to reverse his trxs. The benefits of decentralized oracle's are really becoming apparent.,IAmMikeLeung\
[],RT @jwilluva: Oracle Launches Revamped Program To Court Startups via @forbes https://t.co/HhjDB9Rq0w @JennySnapTech @TransmuteNews @molecul,JennySnapTech\
[],RT @EqualPay2dayOrg: California. Fair. Pay. Act.     https://t.co/PsUB3GyX7B,doubledutchxxx\
[],RT @OracleAPEX: Announcing the availability of @OracleAPEX on @Oracle Autonomous Database!  The benefits of a fully-managed autonomous data,nielsdb\
[],I am starting the Professional Services team at @CockroachDB... Very excited to help pioneer the shift to truly dis https://t.co/RoqHTEmnEL,glennfawcett\
['MATIC'],RT @bitcoin_whales: BOOM! #MATIC $MATIC What did I say yesterday! Take the FUD bait &amp; regret  https://t.co/YR3wGmEJ5h,michelpao2\
[],RT @SpringerNature: Congratulations to @Apress and @BPeaslandDBA! https://t.co/YoiYQ8lq7u,eduardoarmienta\
[],"RT @awscloud: Yes, you can move legacy Oracle workloads to the @awscloud securely: https://t.co/ByrkNGl9NX https://t.co/tLQUJinxnL",elMelocoton013\
"['orclapex', 'MOCA', 'LowCode']",RT @joelkallman: The Quick Guide for Getting Started with @OracleAPEX on Autonomous Database Serverless  #orclapex #MOCA #LowCode  https://,Loic__Lefevre\
[],"@Coffeedadthe2nd Im curious, do you have a lover yet? Like Queen, Panther, Noir or Oracle?",VelvetLoli\
[],"10 of the largest U.S. companies@Amgen, @Apple, @BankofAmerica, @Cisco, @Citi, @Facebook, @JPMorgan, @Microsoft, https://t.co/Y0tWd7TzMq",AFLCIO\
[],RT @i_am_belafeid: @itzbasito When you vex d oracle himself,itzbasito\
[],@inzy13 The Oracle: M Slater,PerthRacingGuru\
[],RT @emre_oracle: Oracle Database 19c New Feature =&gt; Propagate Restore Points from Primary to Standby site  https://t.co/qbERGXSI5W  @Franck,samadulhaq\
"['GenderPayGap', 'GenderPayGap', 'GenderPayGap']",The #GenderPayGap is not a myth. The #GenderPayGap is not a myth. The #GenderPayGap is not a myth. The https://t.co/qttAFI4yM6,wywomensnetwork\
['MATIC'],RT @bitcoin_whales: BOOM! #MATIC $MATIC What did I say yesterday! Take the FUD bait &amp; regret  https://t.co/YR3wGmEJ5h,Jakub08269354\
"['metadata', 'SAP']","Why is it so difficult for data modelers &amp; analysts to find &amp; use business #metadata from #SAP, Oracle, Microsoft &amp; https://t.co/lIEGh9Kcpt",rolandatsilwood\
"['job', 'vacantesPP']",New #job: Oracle EBS - ERP Analyst  Location: Mexico City Salary: $34kpm - $45kpm .. https://t.co/5RSimPS7qp #vacantesPP,PagePersonnelMx\
[],Matt Groening is an oracle https://t.co/TWjTRB5FoG,Beertheist\
[],@Amgen @Apple @BankofAmerica @Cisco @Citi @facebook @jpmorgan @Microsoft @Oracle @WellsFargo @Activision https://t.co/haiB2FD10p,AFLCIO\
"['orclapex', 'Kscope19']",RT @SQLMaria: Huge thanks to the #orclapex community at #Kscope19 for letting me crash their open mic night to announce the immediate avail,LumpyACED\
[],@totollygeek @Azure @Oracle Hi there! Could you share more information about the container image you're using? Is i https://t.co/5THTqPvjuj,AzureSupport\
[],all of my oracle decks are muddled up  https://t.co/9awBoF4WaZ,Iustontape\
[],Eliminating labor from managing and keeping up databases is a huge exercise of AI. Algorithms track all the excepti https://t.co/YCtlxX8hSx,cxotalk\
[],@americascup @AinslieBen I watched it live from afar atop Coit Tower next to an American amateur photographer who w https://t.co/xGyUpisLux,BoJovial\
[],RT @LBJamesHarden: Who let Hellen Keller decide james hardens buzzer beater in oracle shouldnt make the list??????? https://t.co/IACDYBMB,SLAAAAAAATTTTTT\
[],@Amgen @Apple @BankofAmerica @Cisco @Citi @facebook @jpmorgan @Microsoft @Oracle @WellsFargo @Activision https://t.co/EU0Rka5Tx9,AFLCIO\
[],"RT @awscloud: Yes, you can move legacy Oracle workloads to the @awscloud securely: https://t.co/ByrkNGl9NX https://t.co/tLQUJinxnL",JamiesonYeates\
[],Chinas biggest startups ditch Oracle andIBM for home-made tech https://t.co/LCRt6zn82S via @technology,SiminaMistreanu\
[],@Amgen @Apple @BankofAmerica @Cisco @Citi @facebook @jpmorgan @Microsoft @Oracle @WellsFargo @Activision https://t.co/qNoC7CaZmh,AFLCIO\
"['Integration', 'job']","With Oracle #Integration and @OracleHCM, @coopuk opened 5X more #job requisitions and received 4X more applications https://t.co/8Y3hqEa4yo",Oracle\
[],@Amgen @Apple @BankofAmerica @Cisco @Citi @facebook @jpmorgan @Microsoft @Oracle @WellsFargo @Activision https://t.co/ENS5JfxwTJ,AFLCIO\
[],Hyperion Enterprise Performance Management (EPM) Officially Joins Oracle Applications Unlimited - What Does This Me https://t.co/3bbfvE4Pko,Oracle_EPMBI\
[],RT @CryptoCanuk: Its very hard to focus on work when crypto ($link and $btc in particular) are buzzing.  Must... focus... must... focus...,zain03505153\
[],A new report by @CBItweets and @Oracle finds that large companies are contributing to the countrys productivity cr https://t.co/BMs40EITmx,WhiteoaksPR\
[],"Salesforce, Adobe, Oracle Make CDP Waves, Acquia Updates Lift, More News https://t.co/vCbSixJLmJ",snakata\
[],RT @Oracle_EPMBI: Hyperion Enterprise Performance Management (EPM) Officially Joins Oracle Applications Unlimited - What Does This Mean? ht,HyperionInfra\
[],@Amgen @Apple @BankofAmerica @Cisco @Citi @facebook @jpmorgan @Microsoft @Oracle @WellsFargo @Activision https://t.co/03j6SDF36K,AFLCIO\
[],"@AzureSupport @Azure @Oracle No, I am trying to create a Container Instance, specifying an image from @Oracle's rep https://t.co/pO5ozWVCh9",totollygeek\
[],"RT @Crypto___Oracle: Speculation: LINK will integrate w/ Google, AWS, Oracle, Msft Azure &amp; others as the standard bridge for getting cloud",anon_trades}